Daniel: [Jeff?]
Jeff: Can you hear me okay?
Daniel: I can, yes.
Daniel: Beautiful, beautiful. Um, so you have myself on the line and then my colleague Anna.
Anna: Hey how’s it going Jeff?
Jeff: Good Anna, yourself?
Anna: Good, thanks.
Daniel: Yeah. And so just to kick off and give you a little bit of context, I know there have been a few emails floating around, um, but essentially we have been engaged by the Golden Eagle team. Anna and myself run an AI consultancy called Sun Dial. And so we are right now kind of in phase one, week one, interviewing, um, everyone on the sales team, trying to understand the sales process, because after about this next week or so, we’re going to start building some tools that assist with the kind of day-to-day process. So like taking notes, helping with follow-ups, managing customer relationships.
Daniel: Right now we don’t necessarily know 100% what we need to build, because, um, the first step is just understand what the biggest challenges and problems are and kind of where things get bottled up, deeply understanding the day-to-day and tools. And then from there we’ll start layering on things. And so this process, you know, it’s just pretty important to get candid, open feedback about what works really well, if you could change anything what would you want to change, um, you know, the who’s who in the zoo and what the various systems and tools are and where things work and don’t work.
Daniel: So as, you know, an agenda for this call, we have a couple of questions that we’ve prepared that we think will take about 20 minutes or so. Um, we’ll save some time at the end for kind of open forum and just getting some, you know, thoughts that may have come up through that time. Um, and then, you know, before we jump into all that, I’ll give you a brief introduction to myself and Anna and then we’d love just to, you know, to start just learning a little bit more about you and your background and where you spend time in the business. Does that make sense so far?
Jeff: Yeah, absolutely.
Daniel: Perfect. Awesome. So again, I’m Daniel. Um, I actually started my career in real estate and so I worked in a few leasing offices. Um, I’m a, I’m a second generation real estate guy with my family from, from Texas. And so I, I moved to San Francisco to work in software, but but have always retained a really strong point of view around various types of automation and ways to implement improvements in more brick and mortar businesses like real estate, luxury home building, leasing and apartments, etc. Anna, our technical guru joins us from, um, McKinsey. She spent a lot of time implementing AI systems there and with other clients as well and in other positions, um, and Anna is from Florida.
Anna: Yeah.
Daniel: And so yeah. Um, from there, you know, just a little bit about yourself before we jump into kind of the more tactical questions, we’d love to understand, you know, where you spent time. I, I know, you know, you’re in the family and I sort of am starting to understand what that looks like, but um, we’re fairly new to the whole Golden Eagle situation, um, and maybe we just start at the top with with an introduction.
Jeff: Sure. So, um, a little bit of background on me and my role here is a client advisor/sales for lack of better words and um, my world isn’t log and home building. My world has been insurance adjusting, insurance supervision and auto body repair. So that’s where I spent my career these last, oh I started here, um, June of last year. So um, there had been some changes that went on and created opportunities, so Jay brought me over because I have the ability to communicate to people and he felt that I would have the skill set to, you know, be a good sales rep.
Jeff: Um, so from the standpoint of being a sales rep here, I have a very high level or basic understanding of our, um, CRM or CTM that we have here, um, in the tools that are designed for everyday use. Now, um, my world also comes from helping create, um, claims management programs for the companies that I had used to work with. Not from a coding perspective or anything like that, but more so of what are my everyday needs and how do we want to have this program work and how it can integrate with other software programs such as an estimating platform, um, that would be integrated into the claim management system.
Jeff: So, um, I have an idea of what you’re looking for and I think that I’ll be able to provide you with what you’re going to be asking me, but again it’s going to come from a higher level of observation versus somebody that’s been here a longer period of time.
Daniel: Totally. Yeah. And we’re gathering everyone’s perspective and we’ll, you know, consolidate them and bubble them up, um, once we kind of have all the different points of view. But I think, you know, a generally a good place to start is just in your day-to-day when you kind of walk in the door on Monday, you know, you have a CRM, you have leads, you have people that you’ve talked to. What does that day look like? Generally, you know, like is there a Monday morning meeting? Are you doing standups? I’d love just to understand like what is a typical day look like running, um, as a sales advisor, as a client advisor for Golden Eagle.
Jeff: Uh, you know, that’s an excellent question. Um, and and I come from the world of having production meetings, you know, every morning, um, whether or not it was in auto body repair or um, just having a set of reminders set up for me within a claim management program. Now what we have here, um, that is where I start my day is to review um, my reminders that I that I set up within our current CTM program.
Jeff: Now I probably use that a little bit more diligently, um, to help me follow up with things like, um, checking on the status of of pricing or checking on the status of floor plans that are being designed, checking on the status of follow up for certain clientele that I have for whatever the needs are. And again, me using that a little bit more like a automated system comes from my past world. Now I don’t know how closely other people use this as a live measurement for activities that need to be done, but for me it’s it’s primary.
Jeff: So every morning I check that reminder section to see what needs to be addressed and prioritize that, um, it’ll allow me to take a look at um, you know, what is going to be the most important thing as far as what needs to be addressed first. Um, and that would be checking on the status of, again pricing so I can follow up with a customer on a proposal, follow up on, um, the design of a floor plan so that I have an understanding of where they’re at in that process so I can share that with the client because you know once they’ve come in here and signed a a design service agreement, um, they know that we’re going to be going into the design process to create these floor plans for them.
Jeff: And like anything else, um, once they’re away from here, they don’t really have an understanding of where we are with that process and I’ve been a proponent of communication is good, good bad or indifferent as far as information goes, but I want to always have an open line of communication with the people I’m working with so they have an understanding as to where we are and why. What are we waiting for and why. That type of thing because for me my biggest hot button is being on ignore, especially if I’ve just, um, issued a large check or something. I certainly want to have some updates on something. And so that allows me to, um, follow up with status of different things.
Jeff: Also too it’s set up for me to follow up with emails or contacts with leads that I’ve vetted, um, to find out you know if there’s any additional questions that they may have, are they interested in these floor plans, uh are you interested in moving into a design service agreement contract, which is their first phase of designing the home and getting these people into the fold. Um, the reminders also allow me to further vet the lead as to whether or not it’s something that I should continue trying to prime or just disqualify them and move on. And so um, that’s where I start my morning and then from there I’ll go into emails to follow up with emails that would come in that are from current clientele that I’ve been working with or current leads that I’m working with, um, and then documenting that information back into the CTM.
Jeff: Now the CTM allows me to cut and paste email content into the note section. Um, so I again I come from the world of complete transparency and document document document, um, because you know this is this is my background and I don’t think there can be any any area of information that’s not noted somewhere. Um, paper’s good as a fingertip reminder. Some people are that’s their world that they can’t really get beyond that but I think that all documentation whether or not it’s a telephone call or an email or even a text get noted into the claim file in its entire content. So I do do that.
Jeff: The downside is with a telephone conversation it’s just the summary of what was discussed versus the the actual content. So um, by having that I can always go back and check conversations and emails just to verify that everybody’s on the same page as far as what the understanding is as to what’s happening at that given juncture or what the expectations are as far as being set for the next phase of the conversation.
Jeff: Um, and then the other aspect is is our leads come in via telephone calls or emails, um, into either info@goldeneagle.com or through the 800 number here and at that point it’s the quickest of the draw to answer the telephone to try and capture those leads. So it’s it’s whoever’s available or the quickest to the draw to pick up those leads. And then from that point on it’s just a matter of keeping all the plates spinning throughout the day based on whatever else comes up, but in the morning that’s generally when you have the most formatted type of process that needs to be addressed.
Daniel: Totally makes sense. And then let’s say you are the quickest on the draw and and you get a lead at like 9:15 in the morning or something, um, you you know call them back, you set a meeting or you send them an email. Is there a defined playbook for what to do with that lead? Like for example do like does every sales rep say okay this person I’m going to email them six times over the next two weeks like until in you know until we get a meeting set or or I’m going to put them into an email sequence or I’m going to call them a set amount of times. Is is it that strict on the steps or does each rep kind of determine the best way to engage with with each prospect?
Jeff: So to answer your question, the broadest answer I can give you is yes. Um, every one of the clientele or the client reps here are going to have a little bit of their own playbook for lack of better words. Now for myself, um, based off first contact and after I’ve vetted them as a real lead, um, I will have a one week follow up with them based on what they have told me is preferred method of communication. And that’s one of the biggest things I try and formulate right from the beginning, um, is their preferred method of communication because we live in a world where people aren’t always available, um, by telephone. So if they tell me that the preferred method of of communication is text I do that, if preferred method is email I do that.
Jeff: So that’s what I do one week out from the initial conversation that we’ve had. Um, and then from that standpoint I’ll get either a reminder to follow up 30 days from there, um, as to either follow up on the original conversation that was had or a follow up to the second conversation that was had. Um, and if there’s been no communication that’s been meaningful, then I bump that out to maybe three months. And I don’t want to keep pestering these people because that’s going to be the quickest way to to go into shutdown mode. So for me it’s one week, 30 days, three months, and then the caveat to all that is based on what was discussed in the initial conversation. People are going to be telling me that we’re going to be closing on a piece of property in two weeks, follow up with me then. So then you’re going to have your outliers that allow you to follow up at a different pattern as well as different content as well.
Jeff: Um, so you may find that there’s going to be different answers to that question depending upon who you talk to but that is where my playbook is.
Daniel: Okay totally. And then and then so just to kind of make it a a little more more visual for myself, so you know you have a call with Jim Bob, Jim Bob says hey follow up with me in a week and then are you going into your your CRM and you are basically clicking on his profile and adding yourself a task for a week down the line and then like are you setting the 30 day and the 3 month or is that done for you by the by the system?
Jeff: No that’s that’s something I have to manually do. Now just so you have a clear understanding of the system, everything that gets done in it is done manually. There are no automated tasks unless you set them.
Daniel: So what about what about on the contact side? Like if someone texts you, is that in the system already or do you have to go say hey I I received a text on April 1st and you have to like type that in.
Jeff: We actually have what’s called an elevate telephone system here, so we’re able to have SMS texting through our office telephone numbers. And so yes to answer your question, I’ll go into the note section and it has ability to either say phone, in person, email, whatever the case may be. So what I’ll do is I’ll copy and paste the text string into the add new notes here and then have a note right above the content saying text string from Jeff and Jim Bob.
Daniel: Got it, got it. And then maybe just like from a philosophical perspective, you know I think these are pretty big purchases that are pretty important to the people making them. Do you do you feel that you have a pretty good human relationship with each prospect or are there like so many that you maybe it’s a little more transactional? Just to get a sense for the kind of overarching way that you approach the sales.
Jeff: Well for me it’s it’s trying to create commonality at at some particular juncture or or place as to where we can have a meaningful relationship even outside of what we’re trying to do. So I try and add the human element to the communication because I think people warm up a little bit better to that. I feel that they’re going to buy me before they buy the product. Um, you know if they don’t have a good feel about me they’re they’re going to make a determination on the rest of the program just simply based on their their interaction with me.
Jeff: And so I do my best to have a conversation that’s going to bring a human element into into this and I have some probing questions that I just have based on how our conversation is going. You know just to get some information about them. As an example, what what made you think about this? What what is driving this thought process? Um, you know where are you looking to build? And they tell me oh my gosh yeah I’m an outdoorsman, that area is known for whitetail deer hunting and things of that nature. And just try to develop some sort of other foundation for the communication and conversations that we’re having so it’s not all about business, because let’s be frank, talking about spending anywhere from oh let’s just say $600,000 up to many millions of dollars with us is can be unnerving for some people. It’s it’s scary yet exciting at the same time. So I want them to feel comfortable about making that decision to do so.
Anna: Um, that makes that makes a lot of sense. And I want to jump in and ask kind of about this relationship building that you do with the client and asking them you know what made you think of wanting this and you know they’re giving you these details about their life. Is that the sort of thing that you would also take a note of right? And I guess this like splinters out into a couple things like is there ever a world where multiple people on your team are having touchpoints with the same client and having that shared context would be helpful or maybe it’s a situation where you’re handling many leads and so it’s helpful to you to write down this context about each new lead. How do you how do you handle those?
Jeff: That’s a good question. So, um, as far as the information that I garner in our conversation about what’s driving them towards this decision or um, just just reminders or little key facets to what they’ve shared with me like if they’re an avid fisherman or something that’s that’s a point of interest for lack of better words, I note that in things I want to remember. Because you know if they’re coming to me and telling me that this is going to be their forever home, that there’s something personal that’s driving them towards this decision like a health issue or a dream come true or their kids playing sports that type of thing. I want to have conversation with them about hey how’s Jimmy doing in baseball? I know that you told me that he just got back from camp. How did that go for him? You know that type of thing.
Jeff: So there is an area in the you know our CTM that allows us to note that type of thing, um, so that you know it’s a reminder that these people are human beings versus just clients as well. Um, as far as other people having communication through my file, um, another sales rep would be able to answer questions if I’m not available on a meeting like if I’m on vacation so they would have full access to whatever information that I put in there. But as far as them working a lead after I’ve already established it they wouldn’t do that.
Daniel: Got it, got it. That’s that’s super helpful. Um, maybe just one question to zoom out a little bit like on the maybe like set of opportunities that you evaluate. Just like roughly you know how many like what percentage of your day is talking to new folks versus folks already in pipeline and just like what are the stages you’re trying to push people through. It sounds like the design services agreement is is a big first step but I’d love just to understand like the the totality of like what an engagement looks like.
Jeff: Yeah so that that’s really the ultimate first down marker that you’re going to want to try and achieve is to have these people commit to getting into that design service agreement. So that’s when we collect a dollar amount from them. So at that particular point we know that these are real clientele versus tire kickers because essentially the amount that they’re paying is a pretty significant deposit into the ultimate contract cost.
Jeff: So as an example for a home that’s 10,000 square feet or less, we charge $4 per design square foot. So if you have a home on the base floor plan that’s just 2,000 square feet, the design square footage between covered decks, covered porches, garages, finished lower level, things of that nature, this home could end up to be about 6,700 design square feet versus just a footprint of 2,000. So at that particular point you’re going to be looking at an outlay of about you know let’s just call it $25,000. So that’s a pretty substantial amount of money for people to pay to just get in to to play with us.
Jeff: Now the aspect of of them being vetted by that is they’re going to understand that that money’s going to be credited back to them when they ultimately sign their their contract with us. And and again by by having the ability to collect on that is is showing us that these these people are meaning to do this project with us from beginning to end that they’re not just going to be looking for rough design plans and then run away. Um, we want to let them know that there’s skin in the game here, you know because people are spending a lot of time working on a plan and I’ll call it cycle time.
Jeff: So if you have cycle time that’s that’s going to be abused by people that aren’t going to be real customers then we want to try and and weed that out. So by sharing with them the fact that you know you are going to have a significant outlay, but at the same time explaining to them why it is that amount of money and that they will see that credited back later on down down the path. So again in part of our conversation, you know we’re going to understand whether or not these are people we want to continue having a meaningful conversation or if they were just calling us because they saw pretty picture on YouTube and wanted to to play shopper or for that particular reason.
Jeff: So the main first down marker like I said is to get that design service pre-agreement signed and get that money deposited into their account here and then at that particular point that’s when the pens hit the paper and that we can start really utilizing time for the engineering department to start creating floor plans for them, elevations, as well as moving the dial a little bit where we can send them a link to a Google document where they are taking basically a survey of how they want to live in this home with a what their vision is for the exterior, the interior, color palettes, do you want to have a reading area in a bedroom? That type of thing.
Jeff: So we’re trying to pick the temperature in how they see them living in the home. Are you going to have gatherings regularly? That type of thing. So that type of information helps the interior design group um, start to formulate a plan as to how they’re going to create a layout for the inside of the home, but all that starts with the the sales rep. So we get that information out and then it gets disseminated automatically back to each department either through the Google document it goes back to the original author of it or um, let’s just say they sign off on a docu sign then that information manually has to get put into our CTM through accounting. So um, I think I answer question I I don’t know if I want to go over the reservation of what I but I think you did I think I did.
Daniel: Yeah totally totally helpful. Um, maybe just one final question on that front before we get into some next steps. Let’s say you started with you know a hundred leads in January. How many of those get to the design services agreement and how many of those get to the full floor plan and then the full you know design build and eventually construction phase.
Jeff: I would have to say out of 100 leads that if you get one all the way through the pipeline you’re probably looking at about 2% if that.
Daniel: Got it. Just to you know is it like it’s like price and timeline.
Jeff: Yeah and that’d be conservative. I’d say two to three.
Anna: And um in terms of in terms of volume of of new and existing leads, um what are the numbers that you and other reps are working with?
Jeff: Um and that’s going to be vastly from day to day. Um, we get more leads that come in based off of more social media content that drops. So just today as an example we had a new home tour drop. So generally what that’s going to do is it’s going to create more interest by the people that follow our content either on YouTube, Facebook or whatever the case may be. So that generates more interest.
Jeff: Um, so as an example um, today as an example it wouldn’t be unusual to hear that we would get oh probably about 10 to 20 calls on wanting information on that specific floor plan or something else along the lines that that they’re looking for. As time wanes that we don’t have any new content, then I would say that that would probably be about 5 calls in a day as a new lead.
Daniel: Awesome. Well this has been super helpful Jeff. As a follow up, so next week we are going to do two trainings for the sales team, uh where we’re just going to kind of talk through AI and various tools and how folks can use this in their day-to-day. And so if you were us, you know I’d love to understand like where like where would you have us focus on a training like that or where would you have us focus in terms of things you think are low hanging fruit for automation and for making things faster more efficient.
Jeff: I would say the low hanging fruit on this would absolutely be the reminders. That if you could have an automated system to reach out to clientele to say hey we’re waiting for you to do this or Jeff spoke to you a week ago on on this, that that would be huge. Because then that’s just busy work, I mean it’s meaningful but it also is busy work too.
Jeff: You know you could measure certain things like no response from Jim Bob after you’ve had six attempts and then it could ask you do you want to maintain this relationship or do you want to disqualify? So having the ability to to have something like that in place I think would be huge.
Daniel: Got it, very helpful. Awesome Jeff. Well this has been a really fun half hour, I’m I’m glad that we got to chat. If if you think of anything else in the next couple of days feel free to shoot me an email. Otherwise you know yeah we’re going to talk to everyone else and kind of put our thoughts on a page. We might come back to you for you know additional one off questions, but um, it was it was a pleasure chatting and I’m excited to keep talking with the rest of the team.
Jeff: Yeah absolutely. Appreciate your time today both of you and um, look forward to hearing back from you soon.
Daniel: All right take care.
Anna: Thank you Jeff.
Jeff: Take care, bye Dan, bye Anna.