Speaker 1: All right, well, what have we got to go?
Speaker 2: Yeah, yeah, definitely. Um, so we just started talking with, um, we’ve set up all our calls from the sales team and we’re kind of going back and forth chatting about where the processes are, what does the CRM look like, you know, kind of day to day, just doing like a lot of process mapping. Um, and so, you know, for, for this call and for this time, part of this is just to understand, like, what are the systems that, uh, you guys are running, what do they look like, where does, where do files sit, uh, kind of like, what does the current state look like? And then I also wanted to just chat a little bit about some of the experiments that you’ve been running. Um, I think we got a lot of good context on that on Friday, but just keepin’ the, keepin’ that conversation going around like the open-call experiments, you know, the floor plans and storage and the media packaging and kind of all that. Um, and then also just helping, uh, you understand a little bit more about our process and the, the areas that we’re going to spend time in. Um, those are the overarching themes. If there’s anything else, happy to add it in, but let me know if that all makes sense so far.
Speaker 1: Yep.
Speaker 2: Awesome. Um, so I’d love to, I, I think in our conversation so far, we’ve, we’ve kind of decided to zoom in at least for this next week or so on the sales process, um, particularly around like what are reps doing and, you know, like there is a CRM from what I understand and it, and it is, is, you know, pretty robust and can help reps get their day-to-day done. I’d love to understand like what’s been built, what are the kind of areas that you spend time in in sales and any perspective you have on like where those tie in, because honestly, like, we’re not entirely sure like when a, a deal is being worked on and it’s being worked on by a sales rep and then they’re passing things to the design team and the interior design team and maybe there’s a financing element to that. Just from your perspective would love to understand like the systems at play there before we, yeah.
Speaker 1: Okay. It’d be helpful for me to kind of go through a little bit of history what brought about our CRM in the first place, you know, and why it was designed, why we wrote it in-house. Um, when I first came on board twenty-one years ago, they were looking at Act!, which was a real basic, um, contact management system, but it, it only had like three custom fields or something like that at the time where it just, it didn’t hold the, contain the data they wanted. So they asked me if I’d write, um, write a CRM and basically it started out as a glorified Rolodex, you know, let’s put it that way, it didn’t have a lot of functionality and stuff except we started plugging in stuff to it over time, you know, for like our contracts are being developed in there, the data is pulled from the CRM’s information, you know, um, I could show you some of this stuff if we wanted to.
Speaker 2: Yeah, that would be great. Yeah.
Speaker 1: Um, if I can remember how to do this in this app. Share screen.
Speaker 2: Yeah, when, when we logged on last week on Friday, it was a Teams call, and I haven’t, I haven’t been on a Teams call in three years probably, it’s all been Zoom or G-Meet.
Speaker 1: Yeah, I’m just going to pull up one of my screens and show it up for you there, and then, um, and then we want to pull the CRM up. Okay. So, this is our CRM. Um, let’s see here. Basic website as far as this is concerned, but um, under contacts, you can look up a contact, put in a contact, um, um, it’s a fairly intuitive lookup system because it’ll even find contacts based if you don’t know how to spell their name, it’ll look them up phonetically, you know, and do a, a, a what do you say, audio comparison. Um, this was really designed because our sales people also, we had, uh, a lot of dealers at the time. We had probably twenty to thirty dealers across the nation, we’re down to like two now, you know.
Speaker 2: Are these, these are channel partners or are these folks that help supply like timber and wood and supplies?
Speaker 1: They don’t actually do any of the supply, they’re just salespeople, glorified salespeople that don’t literally work for us, you know, they’re on their own as a dealership. And they of course, they needed access to information, and we needed to be able to pass information back to ‘em, and so the whole reason for writing custom CRM was we could control what that looked like, you know, and what access they have to what and save tons of licensing fees because we just own the software, you know. Um, so I’ll give you an example of what a contact page will look like. Um, this is my own information here. When they go into a customer’s account, they’re presented with a drawer that has different types of files and, uh, try to make it visual for the simple people to figure out how to use it better. And then the contact form is all their contact information: phone numbers, emails, secondary contact, which would be husband or wife or the person to the primary, um, the home location where the home’s being, going to be built, and then some status information on our part about where they are in the process, and then um, some target dates for things we expect to happen or are going to happen. Now note, none of this dates drive anything in our company, it’s just information locked in here. Um, and then marketing data, like where did this contact come from?
Speaker 2: Meaning it’s, it’s like there for organizational purposes, but it’s not like kicking off processes, it’s kind of there as a reference?
Speaker 1: Yeah. Imagine when we built the CRM originally, everybody worked out of a shoebox, you know, there was no contact information, everybody had folders or whatever method that individual salesperson wanted to do, they were on their own, you know. So I tried to come up with a way to consolidate all this stuff and get the information centrally located, but they still, half the stuff they still worked out of a shoebox, you know. Like reminder systems, uh, there’s a reminder system in here where you can put a reminder to contact somebody X amount of days down the road or whatever and to be honest, nobody used it. They will not use it, you know, they even to this day, twenty years later.
Speaker 3: Jeff said he, he likes it a lot.
Speaker 2: Well, there’s, there’s a CTM and a CRM, right? We just, is, are those different?
Speaker 1: Oh, yeah, CTM is shorthand, an acronym for customer tracking number. So every customer gets assigned a number so that internally on all of our documentation and everything they, they could refer and they know precisely what customer because there might be many John Smiths, you know, that we’re dealing with, so the CTM is the way we refer to people around here.
Speaker 2: Um, so I, my understanding was, um, was, is there not a CTM or something? Maybe he was like mis- missaying it, um, but he was talking about got it, where he was putting in the notes, right? So it might have been here, this software, right?
Speaker 1: Yeah, yeah, because and if you go, if I were to go back to the file drawer here, then you have notes, and each department could keep their own notes. So this lists the different departments. Here you can see which departments have put notes in and which ones don’t have any notes. Got it. So you can kind of go down through the thing and then um, we could tag a note for Golden Eagle eyes only, so if the dealer is involved, they can’t see it, only our internal staff can. And then there’s a quick a- this is not really a note, but this is just quick things, reminders, things about the people: do they have a dog, do they have children, do they have you know, simple basic stuff. Um, so and the notes, it’s kind of weird this got set up in a way that they cannot delete or edit a note once they put it in, and that was one of our previous owners was the type that wanted to have this as kind of an evidentiary process, meaning customer said on this date you wanted to do this and they didn’t want the salesperson to go back and re-edit that and part- lie and say they didn’t tell ‘em that they needed the, a certain thing or whatever, so it was kind of a log if you will. Once it’s in, it’s in. I could delete it if somebody called me and said I put in two identical ones can you get rid of the second one I could delete it but they could not do it themselves.
Speaker 2: Gotcha.
Speaker 1: Anyway. So um, so that’s where the note section is here, and they, some sales people keep really extensive notes and some barely do, you know, but um, uh, departments definitely rely on this in terms of um, what was discussed, but the challenge that we’re having or what you guys are helping us fix for sure is the whole this living document idea, you know, because of the fact that everything that’s in here you got to go fish and go find and go get and read tons of lengths of notes and stuff like that, whereas having the doc- a centralized document’s smarter. And um, the, what else?
Speaker 2: So is, is that one of the primary like troubles that, that you’re running into where it’s kind of like there’s a lot of digging around involved?
Speaker 1: Well, yeah, well digging around and just not, just not having good follow-up practices, you know. Like if I’m a salesperson and I’m using this, when I put a new lead I’m going to set a reminder for six months minimum, you know, give this person a call back, depending on how the call goes, because the person says listen, I’m kind of waiting for my inheritance to come in, it’s going to be six months from now before I get it and blah blah blah, so, you know, of course you’re going to set a re- I’d set a reminder and put that contact on hold until, for that time period. Then there is an aging report that shows leads you have and how many have not been touched in that time period. If you have ‘em on hold, it will pull ‘em off that aging report so that you don’t get bothered about them. But I’ve had a couple sales, or one salesperson who just recently retired, he had homes sold, people were moving into the house and it still said new lead.
Speaker 2: Yeah.
Speaker 1: Um, on- it’s like are you kidding me, really? How could it possibly get through our whole company and no one moved it along to the next step, you know? So that’s the pain point for me is the fact that you write it to be used a certain way and people decide nah, I don’t like that I’m going to do it my way, you know. So sometimes and in the processes that you guys are looking at, bear in mind some of this has to be kind of non-optional, you know what I mean?
Speaker 2: Right.
Speaker 1: Because otherwise it’ll be abused and it’ll lose its purpose if people can just decide they want to do it their own way, and they will, you know. Not to sound too negative, but this is the nature of people.
Speaker 3: Nature of the beast.
Speaker 2: How does a rep manage their pipeline with this system? Like, do they have a view where they can see everything in one view?
Speaker 1: Um, not necessarily, but like I said the, the major view that, that in the CRM that’s important to them is the aging report here.
Speaker 2: And is, and is that auto generat- like um, oh, yeah, this just like is ongoingly updated, right?
Speaker 1: Yeah, so what happens is every time you put in a note, it’ll change the last modified date on that customer so it’ll know that the- something’s happened and there’s been movement and activity. So this aging report’s just letting you know how many leads you’ve got at these- um, right here it said what sales stage you’re at and across this how long ago were they last touched, you know. So the further you get over here to the right, these are bad numbers to have, you know. A lot of this is just sample data because it’s my account here, and then it you want to see all your leads in the first column less than a week if possible, you know. And so salespeople just go in here and see oh I got some people wandering over here and they click on ‘em and keep up to date with ‘em. But there’s just certain things: changing their status, adding a note to them, um, off the top of my head real quick I can’t think of the rest of the things but that’s what’ll trigger the reset of this time.
Speaker 2: Got it. And then is there something where management can see like a, a forecast of hey this is you know, we’re probably going to have twenty homes close this month or this quarter or is that something that they have to kind of build in Excel or something?
Speaker 1: Kind of, it’s weak. Um, because they could go through and pull up management reports and see like how many are at whatever stages and so on and so forth. Um, but it’s like I said it’s put together weakly or in a weak fashion because just knowing that you’ve got so many are in such and such status doesn’t give you a picture, you know, very well. It’s- if you’ve got like twenty leads open and contacted that doesn’t tell you their level of interest, doesn’t tell you how good of a lead they are, you know, or anything like that. So these reports are kind of suffering to say the least.
Speaker 3: So um, what, I’m, I’m curious, you are building and maintaining these systems, which so impressive by the way, and then like what, what is your ongoing involvement or interaction like with the reps that are using your system and with like management? Like are you in charge of anything like putting together some of these reports or right, what are the important like actions that happen around these systems you’ve made that you still do weekly basis?
Speaker 1: Um, you know, granted the CRM actually oddly enough is one of the things I, I code into the least, you know, um, because it’s pretty set up to where they want it, you know, and I always knew that as one day I wanted to dump it and kind of create a 2.0 version, but um, the number of hats that I wear around here, I’m our IT guy, I do our online marketing, I do the website, I do, you know, and just a number of things, besides keeping the network here, network administration stuff, servers alive, you name it, everything.
Speaker 2: I, I heard you, you build the computers yourself too.
Speaker 1: Yeah, the joke is if it takes power or a battery I am in charge of it.
Speaker 2: That’s awesome.
Speaker 1: Um, and so it’s then that’s the nature of the business here, you’ll find out that every single person here has more than one job, you know. And um, it’s just to keep us efficient as possible in terms of time spent working and what have you. But um, in my thing is kind of pigeonholed me because in into this tech- building the website and building the CRM and building another one’s an internal site called EagleVision, and that’s all the utilities and things that are custom designed for departments to help them do their jobs. Yeah. And it also has our punch in-punch out system, all that jazz in it. That was the first thing I wrote for the company and um, just a simple ability to punch in and punch out through a web browser and then it grew and then they said oh while you’re good at that so let’s do a CRM. So um, the funny thing is all of our sites are integrated with each other. The CRM shares an a- MySQL database which our internal website EagleVision also accesses, which the website also accesses, so it’s all tied together and one feeds the other. So as we migrate down the road and into this CRM system you guys are working on we’re going to have to figure out what breaks, you know, and what stages do we pull the plug through certain things, you know. Or do we just leave it run but not use it, you know, that kind of thing. So servers everything is hosted here, our website’s hosted here, we have redundant fiber connections to the web and blah blah blah all that fun stuff. Um, our systems are pretty capable as far as that’s concerned. Um, the infrastructure here at Golden Eagle everything’s fiber-optic networked between buildings and between departments. It’s super fast, you know, a twenty-gigabit connections between buildings and then um, individual users are all one-gigabit or higher.
Speaker 2: Gotcha.
Speaker 1: So network’s definitely not a, a technology’s definitely not a bottleneck in any way. Um, the CRM um, how it all works is over time people come to me with this you know or Jay or Todd or um the sales people or whatever they come to me with some kind of a challenge and then I’d just let ‘em know if there was a solution I could write to fix it, you know. And like for example we had the contract, they used to actually just pull up a Word document and type a contract and it took forever for them to knock out a contract. And so we built a contract system in the CRM that um has a whole bunch of pre-loaded verbiage and then based on selections that they choose on the CRM document itself that it’ll morph the text. And I even created a, a tag language called we call ‘em command tags where the replacement tags that go in the text and it’ll it’ll um dynamically work off of information that it finds in the CRM like their down-payment amount, their per- you name it, there’s a tag for replacement for just a billion things, you know.
Speaker 3: Yeah.
Speaker 1: And they so that helps them write and create this dynamic contract system and I don’t have to code it constantly, it’s not hard-coded, so they they can change it all they want. And that’s been kind of a nice thing, but um, the it was demoed to your dad um while and he was kind of thrilled about the command-tag thing, he thought that was kind of neat, let’s see. As an- super quick example give you here. Back into me here. Um, here’s the contract system and we can even set up where a customer is ten-percent, fifty-percent, and forty-percent is their payment schedule, you know, and we could change- massage those numbers if we need to. Um, the we have different types of contracts: materials contract, miscellaneous materials contract, which is like things bought after the fact where they want to buy more logs or more stain and stuff like that, or a preliminary proposal, which then turns into a materials contract someday, you know. So in this system to maintain it I have a whole menu here full of stuff that that they can go and update, you know. So they could change the verbiage, they could change individual items that are allowed to be put on the proposal, um, even rename the proposal type if they don’t like the word miscellaneous materials contract they could change it. Nice. So then the command tags themselves for example um this is like formatting tags, tons of ‘em, you know, for italicizing, coloring, doing all this other stuff like that so it’s kind of like my own little miniature format HTML, you know. Then date command tags, so how- here’s the version that it would look like and this is the tag you put in to get that kind of date because sometimes you don’t want it to say it, you want it to just be numbers and vice versa or the year, you name it. Um, then they have custom command tags where they could create a tag and put the text that they want it replaced with, so they can make their own. And um, there’s quite a few of ‘em made here that they’ve made over time. Oh my gosh. Sean I’m gonna, I feel like I’m really gonna get along with you, you know, you’re a- you’re a systems lover, we’re we’re two nerds over here, this is really cool. So the proposal um data command tags, now these come right off of live data from the CRM like the first last name blah blah blah first and secondary person combined like his and her- you know husband and wife combined versions of their names all kinds of stuff so they can choose what they want to put in there, address tags, relevant date tags, meaning when the proposal’s due, when the- it expires, all that fun stuff. And then there’s at the bottom of it I won’t bore you with all of ‘em here but then at the bottom of it is conditional command tags meaning if the home type is this then include that text, yes or no. And so it’s basically a glorified if-then statement, you know what I mean, you know. Um, yeah, this is this is super cool. Um, thanks for showing me this and um really interesting that kind of all the systems are are integrated together. Um, so that’s that’s definitely like something where we’ll want to just be working really closely with you. Um, something I’d love to um maybe going back to the CRM, that’s kind of right what we’re what we’re touching first and these kind of non-optional things that we want to ensure kind of sales excellence like across the board making sure that there’s consistency. Um, I want to like run through you some of the like high-level initial thoughts and see what if that resonates or if you think there’s something different that’s important. Um, you know ho- from before and then during the meeting to after the meeting the flow can look something like for example the calls themselves can be recorded you get the transcript let’s say that all of these notes can be kind of auto-populated, um kind of like here’s what we discussed about the floor plan, here are personal details that we should remember, um here I’m going to suggest like some of the reminder dates that we should put in the system, right and so a lot of automatic things that makes it very non-optional in the sense that um it it brings everyone up to the level that you want, right by having this system determine that sort of thing, right? And then once you have these notes um that can generate things like a pre-meeting brief, right and so like how do we get everyone to the same level of excellence of like okay before a call like here are the things to run through? So that’s kind of maybe one of the core ideas is is having that AI help. Does that resonate as something that would be helpful or do you think that there’s low-hanging fruit elsewhere in terms of sales excellence?
Speaker 1: No, I’m a hundred percent on board with that idea, you know, because of the fact that, you know, my only regret is my designing this system was twenty years too late, you know, kind of the technology today is so much better and I can only imagine what I’d done, what had I been starting now on that, you know. And so that’s where you’re at, you know, so it’s fantastic time in history actually do this stuff because AI is just unbelievable what you can do. So yeah and I I myself have a, a Bee wearable device, you know, I love taking that in the meetings, getting the synopsis of everything that happened, action items that come out of it and so on and so forth. And I showed it to Jay and I said it would be so nice to be able to have some similar that’s literally tapping the phone call and as our salespeople are talking that initial phone call especially so much transpires back and forth. Promises made and expectations given back and forth, and it- a lot of it gets lost in the wind because if you don’t remember it you didn’t take good notes, you’re screwed, you know. And that’s an op- it’s a huge opportunity here if we could come up with a way of doing that, you know, especially I don’t know if phone integrations and stuff like that that are thought of and planned thus far, but I think it’d be a great avenue to go down. And yes some of these things that create action items that have to be checked off, you know, have to be checked off. I’m a stickler, Jay tells me I’m I’m a I’m a crack-the-whip kind of guy, you know, and employees just tend to want to do their own thing so to some degree we need to kind of funnel them into compliance, so.
Speaker 2: Yeah.
Speaker 1: Um, okay.
Speaker 2: The sales pro- you know the whole thing is just I think hopefully our sales people have been really good at showing you guys in terms of how a customer lives through the system and how long it takes and so on and so forth because that’s really the key to this whole thing, you know. Me as a coder I’ve always had this philosophy I don’t want to feed the monster, meaning I don’t want to create so many procedures and things that that people get so frustrated they hate to use it because you’re feeding the computer full of crap that doesn’t really mean anything anyway in the end, you know. And um, so sometimes I I’m a firm believer as a coder you can fix problems that didn’t need to be solved in the first place. You know, so I’m I’m careful and leery about that stuff sometimes but I think when a when the conversations that I’ve been part of with this I think you guys are kind of aimed in on stuff a lot better in the sense of understanding don’t get in the way of the business so either with the tech, you know. Totally. Totally. Um, one other thing I was curious about is um you have a really great cross-departmental view and I’m wondering, you know, like after a sales call a lot of many changes or decisions are made in terms of what has to be updated in the design, right and like what has to be updated maybe in accounting or pricing, and so what like is there any how does that project management look look like maybe across departments? Um, is there any tool that people use for that sort of thing?
Speaker 1: Um, not necessarily, you know, like I said our what our people do is they create their own patch situations, you know, because like some departments use a spreadsheet to track in and out stuff coming and going from their department, others and um when I came here when I first started here many years ago that’s all they had, you know. And it was a nightmare. But today like shipping will have a spreadsheet showing which things have to go out, our manufacturing people have a spreadsheet showing what needs to get manufactured in time for what, and there’s all this these different processes that they’ve invented over time but there’s nothing real consistent, you know, especially not even tied in the CRM. CRM’s handling all the communication and holding the data in terms of how to get a hold of ‘em and what their contract looks like and things like that, other than that though they’re on their own, you know. And I look at it as the salesperson actually ends up acting as a pseudo project leader and they keep it moving through the system and so on and so forth and they visit the departments and um try to share as much information as they can. Some people are better than others at that, so therefore there’s where some of your pain points come into play because communication doesn’t happen where I think that’s where this whole living-document thing is born out of in from our perspective is that um the communication needs to be consistent with every customer no matter who the salesperson is. And um, so and it’s kind of funny because a salesperson will have a different rapport with different departments and so that communication is even different just because of that because maybe the department doesn’t like that salesperson so they have limited contact and limited you know so this will solve a lot of those issues but. Got it. And so just a couple of like technical things, I know we’re running close on time, but just quick details, I know that, you know, Microsoft Teams is the preferred anytime that there’s like a video call. Um, I heard something about the calls happen via internet like elevator what something like that?
Speaker 1: Yeah, we have an unified communications system which is Elevate and that’s our phones, and funny thing is we just bought into it so it’s all brand-new equipment, it’s all contracts that we’re in for a while. Um, there’s supposed to be some Teams integration capability within it. Um, I haven’t dug into that yet to find out what’s going on there. There’s an API to the phone system so I can kind of pull data like when phone calls happen and things like that. That’s great, that can really come in handy here. Okay. Yeah, but it’s got I understand the easy-level integration it has is where it can just hit a URL string the caller-ID information, date, time, blah blah blah, and then you can just capture that and throw it into a database, um and that’s what I was planning on doing so I didn’t get deeply tied into their API, but I do understand that they have an API as well, you know, a- a deeper one, but I think it’s one of those things where they last I was told on it that um you have to get their permission to kind of grant that access, they have to think you know what you’re doing, you know, so. Um, well amazing. Um, let’s close it out. Yeah, we’re about to jump in and and talk to Lucas for a sales interview, but um one big thing that we wanted to do is just be helpful to you personally because we’ve played around a lot with some of these AI systems and with OpenClaw and Claude and all these different things. And so we’re going to be doing two team-wide sessions next week but if there’s anything that we can do one-off with you or just have a follow-up conversation we’d love to kind of get in there because once we set the foundation for a lot of this stuff I think there’s some really cool features that we can implement that’ll be like a drastic improvement down the line, it’s just about like getting there. Um, and so we can send a follow-up on some of the technical-

Daniel: ...build and prototype, we’d love to bounce those things off you, too. Um, but but for now, yeah, it was a great conversation. We’re excited, um, and we’ll start—you’ll start seeing emails from us as we schedule follow-ups for for next week.
Shon: Okay. Sounds good.
Anna: Awesome. Thank you so much, Lucas.
Shon: Thanks. See ya.
Daniel: See ya.