Speaker 1: Very cool. And maybe just to kick off, I’d love to understand from your perspective, just at a very high level, how Golden Eagle has changed over the years. We’re still getting familiar with the company and trying to figure out the story, but just, you know, from your perspective because it’s, you know, across multiple departments and different time periods. Just like, where has the business been, where is it going, in your view?
Speaker 2: Yeah, I mean, I think over the last probably 10 years, the biggest change we’ve seen is just the caliber of homes we’re selling and the level of clientele we’re dealing with. early on when I first started, a lot of our homes were more smaller, I won’t say small, but smaller cabin-type homes mainly located maybe just in the Midwest because that’s kind of where our central hub was. And then we just grew from there and expanded into more parts of the country. And with that expansion, you know, we’ve gotten into larger homes, higher level of clientele, you know, we’re probably doing double the square footage homes that we used to do, and just a higher caliber, more custom-finish home than what we used to do. I think trends and just the call volume and what I’m seeing, I think that’s kind of where we’re moving towards, is kind of slowly gravitating to where that’s going to be our clientele moving forward.
Speaker 1: Yeah, totally. And just curious, like, as far as the mix of customers, do you guys segment things like, "Hey, here’s like a certain kind of customer," like maybe like a retiree with a certain level of net worth, or up-and-coming family, or like, do you have different archetypes that you think about the customer base with? Or is that not something that you guys leverage?
Speaker 2: Yeah, I mean, we’ve certainly got different homes that we could fit different budgets in, if that makes sense. And then within the homes, there’s obviously different levels of finish that we can kind of gravitate customers towards. You know, we’re doing a lot more social media, YouTube home tours, things like that. And I think with that, you know, in sales, I believe people tend to want to buy what they see. And the more we’re kind of showcasing that, that tends to then lend itself to, that’s the level of kind of finish that people expect when they call. So that in a natural way just kind of gravitates us towards a certain client, you know?
Speaker 1: Gotcha, gotcha. Well, one thing that’s helpful for us just to kind of like put ourselves in your shoes and just understand, like, what a day in the life looks like, what a week looks like, you know, and like, in a sales process there’s usually like a number of leads that you’re working with, like very engaged and some are maybe longer term. I’d love to understand like what that looks like for you and kind of how you think about like your Monday morning, or your kind of day-to-day tasks during the week, and where your time goes.
Speaker 2: Yeah. So, you know, right now I’ve probably got, I’d say, 10, I’m probably working with like 10 active customers. Whether that’s they’re in plan service—so, you know, our typical process when a customer engages with us, we feel them out for what’s your time frame? You know, are you looking to do something in the next two years or are you 10 years out? Just kind of a general inquiry, right? Once we know that they’re within that two-year mark and, you know, we would go through what they’re looking for in the home, what kind of home they want, that kind of stuff. Do a ballpark for them. And then if they take that next step, that’s what we would call a plan service. So then they’ve actually made a deposit to us, we start the design process with them. So right now I’m probably working with, I’d say, 10 to 15 clients that are either in that plan service phase where we’re kind of developing the floor plan with them, or they’re actively building the home right now. And then I’ve probably got about another hundred customers right now that are in my CRM that, you know, we have an aging report that kind of tracks, when was the last time you touched this client? That kind of thing. So right now, you know, those could be five years out, maybe they’re still looking for land, that kind of stuff. So my day-to-day function, you know, obviously checking emails, making sure I’m addressing anything that came in. When I’m not trying to, you know, get new [leads] actively, it’s then following up on my aging report, making sure I’m staying in contact with those clients after they get out so far, to make sure I’m, you know, keeping touching them.
Speaker 1: Gotcha. And if you had 20 clients in that kind of design phase, do you think that's something that you would be able to handle or like, is there an upper limit as to like how many clients you could work with at any given time?
Speaker 2: I don't know that—I mean, there's definitely going to be a tap, you know, a cap point, right? Where you might not be able to focus as much energy as you should. So therefore you might lose a client because you're not giving them the attention. You know, a large part in sales—so, you know, if a customer emails a question, you respond to the question. If they come back, you know, like the plan development phase, let's just say. So if I send them the plan, they take a couple days to review it, they come up with ideas or suggestions that they might want to change, then we schedule a Zoom meeting with them, we review their thoughts, we propose, here's options that we could do, that kind of stuff. You know, my time, you spend the time on the Zoom and then you redline, what we call redline the plan, so kind of sketch what the changes are that they want to do. And then I submit that to design. And then, you know, design has to work on that. So now I'm back onto the next customer. So you could certainly handle more clientele but obviously there would be a cap at a certain point where you just wouldn't be able to keep up with the clients.
Speaker 1: Totally, totally. And if you just had to ballpark like in a day or a week, I'm doing 20% talking to clients like on the phone, or I'm doing like 30% of my time is like on follow-ups. Like how would you kind of rate your major major chunks of activity?
Speaker 2: I’d say me personally you’re probably doing 40% working with active people that are in a plan service or actively building right now. And the rest of the time is probably trying to either, you know, get incoming emails, take new phone calls, or going through the aging report.
Speaker 1: Gotcha, gotcha. And it sounds like there’s like a couple of systems there. Like you—my understanding is that you guys have all been issued corporate phones, and you might also have personal phones, and then there’s an email system and a CRM. Are those the major tool systems that you have? Are there other things that I’m missing?
Speaker 2: Yeah. So, currently like how leads come in, you’re saying? Or—
Speaker 1: Yeah, yeah, like what are the things that you use to contact clients, you know?
Speaker 2: Yeah, so I mean we've obviously got our office phone. We have an app with that phone system that we downloaded an app on our personal cell phones. So we can get phone calls in or we can call out or text in and out using that app. So it doesn't show up as your personal phone number, it still shows as your office phone doing the messaging. Then we have our email system, the CRM kind of logs, you know, clients that are already in the system. We used to have like a request for information that if a client went on our website they could request information and that would come into our CRM account, not actually an email. But something happened with our IT department where we were getting hit with a lot of spam. So instead of addressing the spam issue on it, they just turned off the CRM—the request for information part in it. So now it's mainly phone and email, you know, that we're communicating through.
Speaker 1: Gotcha. And—and maybe we can take it from like an early stage prospect to someone who you sort of have a relationship with. But like, if someone’s an early stage prospect, what kind of information do you have on them when you’re—like if they’re just dialing you and you’re picking up the phone? Is it just a raw, cold, you know, "I want to get everything from you," or do you already have some level of information in the system from like the form that they’ve submitted or things like that?
Speaker 2: Yeah, no, I mean if they’re calling in, it’s just a—because again, we don’t have that request for information or anything. So if they call in, it’s just a raw call that we’re trying to kind of feel them out, see what kind of budget they want, where they’re going to build, get as much information as we can. At least I do, as much information as I can from that initial phone call, so that I know, is the client even, should we put them in CRM, or does their budget not even match what we can do and therefore just disqualify it right away, you know? So that initial call we’ve got no information to go off other than just that raw call and just trying to get as much information as we can from them.
Speaker 1: Got it. And are those calls recorded, or like, you're like taking notes, you're typing notes, and then you're putting that into the CRM?
Speaker 2: Correct, yeah. Nothing's recorded right now, so take notes and then put the notes in the CRM if you enter the client.
Speaker 1: Gotcha. Yeah, one thing we’ve been batting around is like, we could probably record the client interaction and set it up to where you also get the SMSes in the system and maybe also record the Zoom calls. Is that something that like has been thought of, or like is there anything that would—you think would prevent that from being a good fix to that problem?
Speaker 2: No, I think—I know Chris and Jay, you know, they must have talked to you guys and they kind of said that that was one thing. It would save us having to re-enter, you know, save that time having to re-enter those notes. Obviously make the notes more accurate as opposed to, what did you recall from that conversation that might be took an hour and a half, you know? And you’re trying to recall everything. So I think that would be a good—definitely a good tool for— from a sales perspective.
Speaker 1: Gotcha, gotcha. And do you guys ever—I—I got a little bit of sense of this because there—there are sales meetings and they—I think happen every—every now and again. But is it fair to say that like basically you have your patch, you have your clients, you’re sort of working those, and there’s not necessarily like a big weekly powwow where you’re talking through leads and pipeline and sharing best practices? Like that’s basically not something that you guys currently do?
Speaker 2: No, no. And I definitely could see a value in something like that, but right now, you know, you work—I don’t want to say you’re kind of independent, but you kind of are in a sense that you’re working your leads and developing them with the team of design and pricing and stuff. But apart from that, there’s, you know, we have probably quarterly sales meetings is how often do we do the sales meetings.
Speaker 1: Gotcha. Yeah, because sales teams have a lot of people on them, so sometimes it’s like really gets in the way of the day. Do you guys ever think about, you know, like sharing email follow-up templates or like is there any sort of like coaching or discussion amongst the reps about how to get deals closed?
Speaker 2: I’m sorry, you were breaking up a little bit there. What was that?
Speaker 1: Yeah, yeah, I was just curious like if on the team itself, like between reps, are you guys like sharing best practices? Are you sharing email templates? Like, "Hey, this link works really well" or "You should try this out"?
Speaker 2: Yeah, yeah, I think there's definitely a, you know, a collaborative effort amongst salesmen. You know, whether we're talking to each other like, "Hey, I got a client in this area, I was thinking about reach out to this builder, is that a good builder?" Or "Hey, this guy's got this issue going on," you know, bouncing ideas around like, "Well, maybe you could present this to try to close the deal this way," kind of thing. So we definitely do that internally.
Speaker 1: Okay, cool. And then if you just like one last culture question before we shift to a different topic. Like, you know, my understanding is that the relationship with the client is pretty important and you guys are tracking like, you know, if they have a dog named Charlene you might want to kind of understand that and really get into the details of who the person is because the sales cycles are years and the products are, you know, very bespoke, very custom, every nail is going to be accounted for. Do you feel like that the sales culture is like fairly aggressive in terms of, "Hey, I’m trying to hit a quota, I’d like to make a big commission, I’d like to close as many clients as possible," or is it more like homely? Like, "Hey, we have these clients, we’ll sort of—we’re not necessarily going to call them out of the blue, we’ll kind of let them come to us." And maybe that’s a spectrum. Do you kind of have a sense for where the org fits in that—in that world?
Speaker 2: Well, I mean we’re definitely, you know, we’ve got quotas we have to hit. So we’re definitely hungry in that sense. But from like other sales perspectives, I mean we’re more— because you’re talking like internally, correct? Like the vibe between us? Yeah, I mean there’s it’s not that cutthroat sales approach feel around here, you know? We’re definitely more into like trying to help each other because obviously we want—the more the company sells, the more everybody benefits, you know? But, um, you definitely, you know, when a new call comes in, unfortunately it’s like survival of the fittest, trying to grab the phone as fast as you can, trying to grab that email as fast as you can, because there is that quota you have to hit.
Speaker 1: Yeah, like in ballpark, like what’s the quota base split for OTE?
Speaker 2: As far as what we’re expected to sell?
Speaker 1: Yeah.
Speaker 2: Yeah, so the senior sales advisors are expected to hit 4.7 million.
Speaker 1: Gotcha. And—and that's the top line number, that's not profit?
Speaker 2: Yeah, that’s just what we’re, you know, sold invoices, that’s what we’re expected bare minimum to sell.
Speaker 1: Got it, got it. Okay, cool. And then before I let Anna jump in here, you know, one thing that's always helpful for us is like, folks that have been in the business for a long time know it a lot better than we do, and you probably have a good handle of just like what you would fix and change. We’re looking for, you know, problems that are kind of like thorny, in the day-to-day, they’re a pain in the ass. Are there problems like that that you would recommend that we focus on as we do this exercise and as we think about areas that we should spend our time in?
Speaker 2: You know, I—I mean every job has a little bit of hiccups here and there. Um, you know, to be completely transparent, I don’t find anything that’s a pain in my side necessarily. The downside, I guess, is I don’t know what the alternative could be. Is there something that could make things smoother? But, you know, we’re not a huge company in sense like, you know, from a sales perspective anyway, I mean I’m not filling out documents constantly and you know what I mean? It’s—there’s I don’t see a lot of that struggle necessarily. Um, yeah, I—I guess I don’t really have anything I could directly point you towards, unfortunately.
Speaker 1: No worries, part of that's our job too, is just uncover it.
Speaker 3: Yeah, well, the kind of next steps that you'll be seeing from us is a couple of trainings that we're going to host next week just on leveling up in terms of AI and how you can use it. So something that we've been asking is just like what's your like level of familiarity with AI, what have you played around with, and is there anything specific that you think would be helpful to learn about?
Speaker 2: Yeah, to be honest I'm not real super techy so I haven't played with a lot of it. We do in sales like ChatGPT, you know, kind of dabble with that a little bit just throw like an email response in there and say, "Can you clean this up to the customer?" Or something like that. Um, we’re—one of our tasks is to write blogs for the website. So I’ll use that every once in a while, I’ll be like, "Hey, write a," you know, put the idea in there and then say, "Elaborate on this," that kind of thing. But that’s really as far as I’ve taken AI to be honest.
Speaker 3: Totally. Um, and that’s exactly like the starting point that we’re seeing, and yeah, so it’ll be cool to dive into a little bit of that next week. Some other things I was curious about is I know that you guys have recently migrated to Elevate in terms of your phone system. Can you tell me a little bit about that and what it has meant for you? Like, was it an easy onboarding or are there new things to learn? Like just tell me a little bit about Elevate.
Speaker 2: Yeah, for my phone and my system it’s been pretty smooth. Um, you know, the big thing is we used to have to be in the office on Saturdays, now we don’t have to be in the office anymore because we can just have the phone ring right to our cell phones. So getting the phone calls right there, being able to respond to emails or text messages right off the app has been pretty smooth for me.
Speaker 3: Okay, perfect. And in terms of the CRM that you’re currently using, are you just like kind of constantly also inputting like the text that you have with the customer and the emails that you’re having? And how often are you kind of looking back at your history with the client to inform like your more recent conversations? Or is it just kind of the sort of thing that you’re holding it all in your head, it’s like 10 to 15 people so you like know them pretty well?
Speaker 2: Yeah, you know, if they're active, once they're in plan service, because I don't—again, we don't have 20, you know, 30 people I'm working with at any given time, those clients, most of my CRM re-interactions then are just kind of entering in emails and stuff like that. Um, clients that, you know, the other hundred that haven't started plan service might be further out, then a lot of times when I go back into there, maybe it's been two months since I talked to them, now I'm kind of going back through and re-reading the notes to re-familiarize myself with their story so that when I reach out to them I can make it more of a personal touch, you know? Um, but active clients then it's just kind of in my head. One thing with our CRM that is kind of problematic is it's a home-built CRM system so we have no way of putting any like attachments or anything in the notes. So you might be reading an email or you put an email in there, but if the client sent you any sort of attachment within that email, you don't have it in the CRM so now you're going to have to go back to your email to kind of look through the email to find that date and what was the attachment that they're referring to if you got to do any cross-referencing. So that part's a little bit of a struggle, you know?
Speaker 3: Yeah, totally. And with those customers, like let's say the hundred that are like, you know, in the still figuring it out, and what does the like follow-up process look like? We’ve heard that sometimes you would just set a reminder to check in with them in three months or something like that and you have the aging report. Um, but what does that look like kind of in practice? Do you kind of have some like, "Oh, it’s an easy follow-up to just like, 'Hey, here’s a new YouTube video'"? Like what are some of the other tactics you use?
Speaker 2: Yeah, so it all depends. You know, I read back through the list and see, okay, what's the client's story? Maybe my last communication was they're going to look at property in spring and they've got three parcels picked out. So then that client, you know, that one I would reach out and just say, "Hey, just wanted to check in and see if you were able to go look at the land. Any luck on that purchase yet?" You know, something like that. If it's a client who told me, "Hey, we're five years out but we just want to get some general information," then that might just be a simple, "Just wanted to keep you updated, here's the newest YouTube video, check it out, love to hear an update." Um, so I try to tailor any of my responses based on what were my communications with that client, you know?
Speaker 3: Got it, that makes sense. Um, no, that—that makes a lot of sense. And then in terms of your active clients, those like 10 to 15 that are either in plan services or building, we’ve heard that a lot of the times it’s actually a hold-up on their end and not your end, something that you’re waiting on for them. Is it—like how—what does it look like in terms of following up of like, "Hey, we’re still waiting on this for you"?
Speaker 2: So that would be a case of like if they're in plan service. Um, so as we're developing the plans there's certain things we need from the client along the way. You know, we need a survey, we need a topo map, we need, you know, soils report on their land, stuff like that. Um, that’s in a term of like waiting for them. That’s just got to be like, okay. I always try to tell the client every time I, you know, let's say we do a revision to their plan, I send it to them, I say, "Here's the revised plans, look it over, let me know if you have any questions and oh by the way, we still need X, Y, and Z before we can progress to the next steps." So maybe you, you know, where are we at with getting that information to too? So it’s just kind of constantly reminding them what you’re still waiting on. Um, I don’t run too often into where we get to a point where it’s just a standstill because I try to kind of reiterate it every time I send them an email what I’m expecting from them next, too.
Speaker 3: Got it. That makes perfect sense. Um, Daniel, hand it over to you to—
Speaker 1: Yeah, yeah. John, it’s been—it’s been really great chatting. Um, is there anything that you would leave us with as like something we should have asked about but we didn’t, or something that we should have gone further on, or like things that you’ve thought about that we should know throughout the call?
Speaker 2: You know, to be honest, I mean right now, I don’t think so. But once I see kind of what the idea or the concept of what we can do here is, then I’m sure I’m going to have a lot more questions and, you know. But right now, yeah, I guess I don’t right now.
Speaker 1: Cool, cool. Yeah, and just to kind of preview what that will look like. We’re going to do two training sessions next week, kind of get some hands-on work with some AIs, learn the boundaries, learn what works, learn what doesn’t work. And then we’re going to start prototyping with the team and we’ll show you, you know, the shape and the feel and the color scheme and—and get all the nitty-gritty feedback from you over the next few weeks. But for now, thanks again for the time and have a great Easter weekend and we'll be in touch pretty soon.
Speaker 2: All right. Take care, guys.
Speaker 3: Thanks, John. Bye!