Daniel: Anna, she will be, yep, she'll be joining momentarily. Um, and so, I know we've sent a couple emails and we have some stuff floating around, but I'm happy to kick off with the kind of 60 seconds on who we are and what we're trying to achieve, um, and give you a little bit of, of an agenda. So, Anna and myself are AI consultants, and we have been brought in by Golden Eagle to, you know, just like in phase one, assess the current landscape of people and processes and what you guys use from a technology perspective.
Daniel: Um, there's a lot out there in terms of, you know, the current world of AI, a lot of tools, a lot of noise, and we basically help businesses figure out like exactly what is useful and what fits in with the current day-to-day and what's actually going to drive the needle from a, from a business perspective.
Daniel: Um, and so right now, we're interviewing the sales team because we've decided with the executive team that sales is like the most critical area to build the initial, um, product solution in. And so as part of that, we're just trying to understand like everyone's day-to-day, what tools they use, what works well, what doesn't work well, um, you know, in an ideal world what would, what would folks change.
Daniel: Um, and then also trying to understand, you know, just relative level of, um, comfort and, um, desire to work with, with, with new systems.
Daniel: And so, you know, myself, I am Daniel. I'm from Texas. I grew up in real estate and moved to San Francisco to work in technology. I recently, um, you know, got kind of involved in the AI world and Anna and myself started a company to do this full-time.
Daniel: Um, and then Anna, you can give your little blurb on yourself.
Anna: Yeah, totally. So, um, my, my background is in computer science. So, um, if you've, if you've met Juan who, who was first working with you guys, um, I'm his daughter. So we're a little developer father-daughter duo, um, and interestingly enough, yeah, um, the opportunity came up to, to work with you guys. So Daniel and I are, are really stoked.
Justin: Awesome. Well, same here. Yeah, I mean, I've been with Golden Eagle for 21 years now, um, first in our design and engineering department, then I moved into sales or client advising about 10 years ago.
Justin: Um, so and, you know, throughout that time period wore some other hats too, you know, um, and some of our customer service and retail sales as well. So, um, yeah, looking forward to, to talking with you guys and in any ways that we can make our lives easier, more efficient here at Golden Eagle. I'm all for it. Um, definitely there's probably some opportunities.
Daniel: Awesome. Yeah, and we have some questions prepared, um, you know, that typically takes about 20 minutes or so, and then we'll have some time at the end for more just like an open forum brainstorming. So, just to kick off, I mean, you know, we've talked to some folks who are relatively new, some folks who are more tenured.
Daniel: I'd love to just understand from your perspective like where has Golden Eagle come from, where is it going? We've heard some like strategic, um, shifts around like, um, channel partners have become less of a focus and, you know, YouTube and social media is becoming increasingly important. I'd love to understand like from your perspective like how you see that and how that kind of impacts the sales team.
Justin: Um, yeah, as far as, um, strategies, I mean as far as the social media platform, is that what you're saying, or just overall?
Daniel: Yeah, just how you've seen things shift.
Justin: Yeah, um, we definitely have our client, well, first of all, our clientele has definitely gotten more of that upper high-end. We're more in the luxury style log and timber frame homes now.
Justin: Um, when I first started here, homes were very small and simplistic, and, um, you know, a lot of local sales, and now we've, we've branched out. We're, we're across North America and we've, we've reached that, that higher-end clientele. And I don't even think we, I think there it still it still can go further. We can, we're still getting, you know, um, we still have that opportunity to get into that higher level.
Justin: You know, some of the vendors we've recently brought in and they've talked about their clienteles like wow, they're, their clientele is even a step above ours. So, um, I, I think that's the goal.
Justin: I shouldn't say the goal is, I think Jay the owner wants to, wants to have it all. He still wants to do, you know, some of the smaller type projects and he still wants to focus on, or wants to capture some of those high-end clients too. So, um, I think sometimes that's a little bit of a struggle like we, you know, you know, depen- you know, our, how to base our services sometimes and where to focus some of our marketing, um, that can be kind of clouded because we want to, want to focus on, you know, we want to capture all of it is really what we want to do. So, um, yeah.
Daniel: And I was, I was going through some floor plans on the site. You know, some are like 500,000 and some might be several million. I'd love to understand like when you think about like the segmentation, are you talking about like 5 million plus homes, like where does it kind of look look from a pricing perspective?
Justin: You know, where, where most of our clientele is at right now?
Daniel: Yeah.
Justin: Um, I would say most of our clientele is in that 1.5 to 2.5 million dollar range for a completely built home. That, that's where a lot of- obviously we do some less, um, and then do some- some higher, but most of my clients are in, are in that range. You know, the clients I just had in yesterday, um, we just started a design service for them. They, um, they want to be in that 2 million dollar mark. They said, "Yeah, could we go over? Yes, but it'd be nice to be at that 2 million mark." So, um, yeah.
Justin: And, yeah, I mean as far as, you know, where the company's been, I've been, like I said, I've been here 21 years, seen a big shift. Um, it's pretty, pretty awesome, you know, um, and that's, that's a testament to Jay and, you know, his brother Todd that, you know, they're always, they're always innovating, they're always looking for new ways like, like why we're talking today, like they're always trying to get better. They don't, they don't stay stagnant, they're always trying to, um, evolve and and get better. So that's, that's been awesome.
Justin: That's, um, and you know, social media has been, been a great avenue for us. YouTube especially, um, that, that really kind of I think took us to the next level. We, we captured some of that. Jay's son is actually our, our videographer, um, so we kind of fell into that. You know, we didn't have to pay a third party. I'm sure we pay him, but it we probably get a nice price for it. Um, he's local, he's in town, so you know we can, um, um, we really launched ourselves, I think that's when we really took it to the next level was, was when we hit that YouTube market and we could, we could reach clients through, really throughout the world 24/7, 365.
Justin: We weren't pounding the pavement doing shows anymore. Um, we, we've, you know, discarded that. We still do a little bit of paper, you know, magazine advertising, but most of it's digital. You know, clients call up and ask for a catalog, we, we don't have it. It's all, you know, it's on our website, it's on our social media platforms, YouTube channel, so, um, that's, that's been a big shift and that's the way, that's the way everything's going, that's the way business is going, I believe. So.
Daniel: Yeah, I, I checked out the YouTube channel and it, it looks very good.
Justin: Yeah.
Daniel: Um, and to your point about the shift, like I have a good friend from Duluth and, you know, like some of those lakes are the old style where it's one bedroom to like a double-wide or something and then others, it's, it's like the big Golden Eagle log cabins, I mean, like epically nice, um, great finishes. And so I, I think that's kind of where like a lot of the high-end luxury, it, it kind of follows the, the mountain homes in Aspen and Vail and kind of that, you know, and then folks want to branch out from there.
Justin: Yeah.
Daniel: And so curiously like a day in the life, like maybe like a week in the life, you come in on Monday, you have, you know, some reminders pop up, you have some inbounds, you have some voicemails. I'd love to just understand like where do you spend your time in terms of hey, I've got to, you know, talk to new leads, I've got to cover my old stuff, I've got to send paperwork out, let's just understand that.
Justin: Yeah. I, I would say like when I come in the morning, you know, I don't know if it's like most people, but it's I'm checking my email.
Daniel: Yeah.
Justin: You know, seeing, seeing what happened overnight. Um, I do maybe uh, check my email at night sometimes or Sunday evening just to see what I'm, what I'm walking into the next morning.
Daniel: Check it, put the phone down, cry.
Justin: Um, I'd like to get away from that a little bit, um, you know, so you don't get stressed out on Sunday night like, um, you know, somebody sends an email and upset about something, they visited their job site and now something's wrong and- but that's, that's also how we get our leads too is, is from emails, you know. A lot, a lot of clients will send in an email maybe over the weekend or prospective leads, I should say, would send an email over the weekend, that's when they have their free time maybe or at night and they're watching our videos, fall in love with something, so then they blast an email.
Justin: And, and right now, it, it's a free-for-all. We don't, we don't have a territory where we're selling in, um, you know, whoever grabs that email first is, is who gets that lead, who gets that- whoever can respond to it fastest, you know, and and sometimes we overlap.
Justin: Like the way it is right now, it just comes in through an info@goldeneagleloghomes Outlook, the sales team has the, the access to that email and we just grab that email and respond to it. So there's been times in the past where two of us have responded to the same person because two of us grabbed the same email. I mean, it comes in and sometimes it's within seconds that we're grabbing that email because we want that lead, which, which I'm sure Jay loves, we're all hungry, right? Um, but now one of us has just wasted our time because we, you know, both or maybe both of us just responded to that same person.
Daniel: Is, is there a reason why you guys don't do like round robin lead attribution?
Justin: No, I, I probably don't, don't know, don't know that, you know.
Daniel: Curious.
Justin: Yeah.
Daniel: Um, and then, yeah, we've, we've heard that when the phone rings, it just goes straight to the sales team, sales team picks up the phone every time, a lot of the calls are just calls about non, you know, hey, where's my part kind of stuff.
Justin: Right.
Daniel: Yeah, um, is that a fair characterization?
Justin: Definitely. And that's been one of my complaints too is it's gotten better now, but we used to get a ton of the service calls just coming through our main line. And we still get it, which is and it's fine, they, they call our main line, they don't know what to call yet, you know, our builders will call that line and, you know, now we gotta- we gotta quick grab it or we gotta stop what we're doing and, you know, get interrupted by that phone call.
Justin: Um, so it'd be nice if there was a way to kind of channel some of those calls to the correct team so that not, you know, we don't get interrupted.
Justin: And now, and with our phone system, um, it'll ring at my desk, then it'll also ring on my cell phone too.
Daniel: You're getting blown up, yeah.
Justin: So I'm like, whoa, what's, what's the fire here, you know, like so you gotta grab it and our- our phone system, um, the app on our phone, it's delayed. So like it'll be ringing here, somebody will pick it up and then a few seconds later my cell phone will be ringing with the same phone call and it's already picked up.
Justin: So it's like, what are we doing here, we gotta- we got a lot of interruptions going on here. We already have a lot of interruptions with with all the different channels that that clients can reach out to us. So there's just a lot of distractions with the way clients or potential leads are reaching out to us.
Justin: Vendors, we get a lot of vendor emails, I'm sure every business does, you know, hey, we're a shipping company, you got any loads that we can ship out? You know, that's coming to the, to the sales email or the info@goldeneagleloghomes email. So or those calls, vendors constantly calling our main line.
Justin: Like, you know who- we've been working with you for decades, you can't figure out who to call yet, you know? That would be nice to channel those guys. I don't know how, I mean we've given them the the numbers and they continue to call, so maybe that's on their end but. So.
Daniel: Have, have you thought about like a secretary or a receptionist or something like that?
Justin: Um, we've had those in the past and and moved away from them, I don't know that what the reasoning was behind that but, um, maybe they just don't want to pay a person to sit there to answer phones all day. But yeah,
Daniel: Got it.
Justin: there there has been someone there in the past.
Daniel: Yeah, totally. And then, um, maybe like from a just a sales perspective, like do you guys have a quota, are you compensated like on lead generation, on like volume, like on profit? I'd love to understand that a little bit in more detail.
Justin: Yeah, um, yeah, we're commission-based so, you know, how, how we get paid is we'll sell materials, you know. Our goal is to sell the materials for the home, so that's how we get paid as a sales team, um, and- yeah, we we get compensated a percentage of the sales when it leaves, when that home leaves. So, when those materials- so we may be working with a client for years in advance before we ever get paid on that sale.
Justin: You know, they- they may pay us for- they will pay us for a design and an engineering service and then actually put down a deposit, but we don't get paid until that truck leaves our yard and it gets invoiced out.
Daniel: So like you're not earning like a little spiff on the the design contract or the deposit or the architectural review, only the first delivery?
Justin: Right.
Daniel: Got it.
Justin: So that, that can be frustrating some- and and John just went through that yesterday, unfortunately, and you probably talk- I think he has a meeting with you later today.
Daniel: Yeah.
Justin: Um, but, um, you know, and and I've been in his- where you spend a lot of time with this client, now something happened, it went through design, engineering, you know, get to that almost to that to that finish line with the customer, now something happened with their property and they can't build. And we didn't get compensated at all for that, for that sale, you know, for- for working with that client for months, years, you know.
Anna: Yeah, you know, that's something that, um, we'd love to understand more, right? It's like someone at this point has put in between 40k and 60k with the design, with the, you know, meeting with the engineer and selections. Um, what are the primary causes for them to drop out? And how many of them drop out?
Justin: Yeah. It's very minimal, it really is. Um, we just pulled those numbers the other day for our sales meeting and it's it's maybe four a year of clients that maybe didn't, didn't go through.
Justin: Um, some may be due to financing, trying to think of the clients, um, overall cost to build, um, once they get to the point of, um, you know, 'cause we go through the design, the engineering process, get 'em a price for the materials and they've gotta get a cost to build the entirety of the home from a contractor, maybe by the time they get that, that number from the builder, it it's over what they wanted to initially spend. So now, you know, boom, now it falls apart.
Justin: Um, some may be due to HOA restrictions that didn't, didn't come up until final plans were done, now we submit 'em, now, now the HOA, the Homeowners Association won't let them build this home or there's something with the approach or whatever it is and they get frustrated and and just leave the project.
Justin: Or or could be due, the one yesterday was a property issue. It was something was missed along the process with zoning the property and, um, it was deemed a wetland and they can't build a home there at all. So, nothing that we that was, you know, something beyond our control. We- that wasn't our, our scope of the work. So.
Daniel: Yeah, totally. It's frustrating. I'm a dev by trade too.
Justin: Yeah.
Daniel: Unship- unship at the 11th hour.
Justin: Yeah.
Daniel: Um, and so just so I understand like the commission and economic incentives, like- like if I'm building a 2 million dollar home and we'll call that like a turnkey where maybe it's I don't know, would you- like a million 5 in supplies and 500 to build, or maybe like a million and a million. Um, the- the Golden Eagle economics are, you know, of that 2 million, there's some supplies and then there's basically the op- like the margin on the supplies. Is is that the right way to think about it? Like are you guys making a margin on the labor at all or that gets passed out to a GC?
Justin: Right. Yeah, yeah, Golden Eagle's not a general contractor. We do design and supply materials for the home. So, yeah, let's say that 2 million dollar home, probably about let's say a million is materials in our scope of work and the other million is the builder's labor to build the home, subcontractor work and and stuff like that. So.
Daniel: Got it. And then, um, the sales team commission would be based off of the materials sold in the gross amount or the profit margin?
Justin: The gross amount.
Daniel: Cool, cool.
Daniel: And then maybe just so I can like figure out like where the buckets of time get spent, um, if you have like I don't know, 100 active deals right now, like is that a fair kind of number of deals that you're working on? Or like are- obviously some are going to be more further down the line than others and you might spend more time on those.
Daniel: How many like conversations can you have in a week? How many people can you talk to, like is like- where are the bottlenecks do you see?
Justin: Yeah. Um, bottlenecks, yeah. Yeah, we spend a lot of time in the design phase with a client, you know. When I develop a Gantt chart I guess for clients and we spend a lot of time in that design phase talking through the design, revisions, you know, and then materials selections, that's- that's a good portion of our time I believe, you know, as a sales team, that's- that's a big step when building a custom home.
Justin: Um, and some of that is filling out paperwork for revisions, meeting with the client, um, you know, in person like yesterday we had a two-hour meeting with a client that that came down from the UP in Michigan and we spent time with them, which- which is great, that, and our process I think is going to save time down the road meeting with them with all the team, we've kind of switched our process a little bit.
Justin: Um, but yeah, yeah, um, just- just in general meeting and talking about the design, the design phase I guess would be kind of a broad stroke of like where we spend a lot of time with the client and that's phone calls, that's emails, that's in-person meetings sometimes.
Daniel: Is- is the client get like- are you familiar with like Matterport, like the 3D-
Justin: Yeah. I just did my first one by myself a couple weeks ago on a home in New Hampshire. So yeah, familiar with it, yep.
Daniel: Okay, so so like y'all- y'all provide some kind of rendering through the process and then it could eventually become something more substantial that they could go and click through.
Justin: Um, their final home, yes, but as of right now, we do- we provide renderings for the home, you know, which is developed by one of our our teams here. Um, the Matterport is done after the home is completed is how we use it as kind of a sales tool to sell future homes but you know.
Daniel: Like, are do you show prospective clients like other folks' um, other renderings or Matterports or-
Justin: Yeah, absolutely. Yep, yeah, if you jump on our website, there's a- there's a tab on our website that will bring you to current, you know, homes that we've built, the YouTube home tours for that particular home and the the Matterport virtual walkthrough of that home.
Justin: So yeah, that's that's definitely a big sales tool for us is clients' homes that they- that's, you know, one of the guys has said that that's kind of like our new model. Every time- every time we do a new video for a client's home, that kind of becomes our new model is, you know, it's not something like I'm looking at our model right now, our log home model that's probably 25 years old, it's getting pretty dated. Um, so now we kind of look at those those clients' home as our new model.
Justin: We launch that home and we- we give it a name, it takes off on YouTube. The one we just released last night, I saw it's probably close to 10,000 views already. Um, and, um, yeah, that's been very helpful. We've been very grateful that our clients let us into their home and do that.
Anna: Um, awesome. And so, um, I want to switch gears a little bit and go back to something you mentioned earlier. You said you guys recently had, um, your, your sales meeting. And, um, so I'm curious what are kind of like the top-of-mind topics that you talked about there? I think maybe that could be like really good insight into what's, what's top-of-mind.
Anna: So I know one of the things was like you said, um, the- like looking at the numbers of like who fell through in a year. What else is being top-of-mind in these meetings right now?
Justin: Yeah, um, let me pull up that email from um, from Chris and I can probably-
Justin: Sorry I don't mean to go over our time here, but I will-
Anna: No, appreciate you, yeah.
Justin: let's see.
Justin: You know, I think we did start with, um, actually Jay-
Anna: Am I frozen?
Daniel: No, he's frozen.
Anna: Okay. Dang. Always wonder. Crazy. Maybe let's email him. Could you send a quick follow-up? Do we have his phone? Maybe we can call his phone. Let me look.
Daniel: Even a text.
Anna: I found his number. Did you find it too?
Daniel: Yeah, can you text him real quick?
Anna: Yeah.
Justin: Hey guys, you still there?
Anna: Hey, yeah. Amazing.
Justin: Um, we- we lost power there for a couple seconds so everybody-
Anna: Oh wow.
Daniel: Kind of dropped off.
Justin: Yeah, we're actually hitting- getting hit by like a huge ice storm right now. Like everything is just
Anna: Oh my god.
Justin: covered in ice. Um, so it wasn't wasn't out of the norm for where we are, Duluth, to lose power once in a while when that happens. So.
Anna: Oh wow, crazy.
Justin: Yeah, I was actually starting- started my computer up real quick and I was hoping you guys were still there.
Anna: Yeah. Yeah, well we lost you just as you were starting to say what Jay started with.
Justin: Yeah, Jay kind of started with, um, you know, the client- he was kind of concerned about maybe losing- when the client goes through the design and engineering process, are we capturing enough money for those services? That that's what- kind of what he led with.
Justin: Um, because again, we deal with a lot of different clientele from the- I don't want to say low-end but, you know, smaller homes but then we also deal with these multi-million dollar homes, so our services sometimes he feels like maybe we didn't get a capture enough money from the client if the customer did back out. And that's when I knew how many clients we usually lose in a year and it was about four.
Justin: Um, so that's what he led with. Actually the second bullet point was actually um, these meetings,
Anna: Oh.
Justin: the meetings with you guys coming up. So.
Justin: Um, and then just some like internal, um, like product information, process stuff to kind of go over.
Anna: Um, got it. That- no, that makes a lot of sense. Um, my- my kind of next question on that is, um, so, you know, we've heard that the the different departments have kind of their own ways of working, right? And so this is the sales team, but you guys are really the quarterbacks of the project, like across many different teams.
Anna: And so for you, what does it look like to, like, coordinate with different teams? Like how much time are you spending on like follow-ups, um, on on what you need from other people? Or is that not really an issue?
Justin: I don't think the follow-up is is really an issue. The the teams do a really good job of getting back material, I feel, in a timely fashion within the the lead times that we've set for clients. So, um, I think that that I don't spend a lot of time following up with with the other teams on like hey, you guys got this done yet?
Justin: Yeah, there's a little bit of that, but not a big portion of my time is as that. A- a lot of the time I guess spent with other teams is is getting the information to them. Like, um, like we had a- a meeting yesterday with a client so, um,
Anna: Well, yeah, we can- we can go five over if you can.
Justin: Oh okay. Yeah, yeah. I don't want to get too long-winded here if you need to jump off real quick. So.
Anna: No, this is great.
Justin: Our processes are getting better. Like in the past, the design team, the interior design team was not, was not in a lot of these meetings with the client. It was like the sales team, sales team conveyed all that information from that meeting to the other teams with basically paperwork, with documentation. Very- it's very clumsy. Um, as opposed to take a two-hour meeting, condense it down into some paperwork, and now here, draw this custom home.
Justin: So it's gotten better and and my meeting yesterday was one of the first meetings we, you know, where we changed those processes where now those teams are involved, they're talking with the client, and it's going to be a better process I feel, it's going to save time on the back end revising those plans because the designer now talked with the client for that hour or two. They've got their perspective, their ideas, their inspiration, why they're building this home. So, um, I think it's going to save time.
Speaker 1: ...is definitely getting better, but in the past that, that was a lot of my time was trying to put this down on a piece of paper, a document, now getting into that, to that team and you know, now they've got questions. Of course they got questions, they're supposed to draw a $2 million home from, from some paperwork? It doesn't make sense to me. So I'm glad it's changed, it's getting better. There are still some processes with, with maybe our pricing team that is they like to see a piece of paper yet. I gotta type up the revisions and I gotta submit it to them. I, I physically have to walk down there and take a piece of paper to that department yet. This is where we're at with the pricing team. I've, I've brought this up, I'm like, why can't we send—our design team is getting better, we can submit it to them electronically because they do have designers that do work from home for a few days, so they can access that, those materials then, but our pricing team needs to get a little bit better at that. It's, they're getting there, I can send them emails now for some change order stuff and whatever, but for the most part, I really have to walk down there and take a piece of paper and put it in their basket.
Speaker 2: Got it. So yeah, so that, that gives a really great sense of like what working cross-teams looks like. I'm also, um, curious about, um, your time spent, let's say, following up with leads that are maybe on the back burner, right? We've heard that sometimes it's like, oh, an easy follow up will be, hey, like haven't heard from you in a few months, but like want to send you this new YouTube video. Like what does that look like for you? What do those, yeah, follow ups on like your warm leads?
Speaker 1: Yeah, it's basically our CRM product system that we have now. You know, I set reminders for that client and then they pop up on the CRM and then I go into their file and I have to develop an email, you know, maybe something personalized or "last time we talked we talked about this, have you gotten that, gotten through that step?" Like you said, "here's our latest link to our YouTube video," you know, kind of sparks some more interest and get them excited and, um, hopefully I hear back from them, I don't know, maybe send another reminder. It's just kind of a gut feeling if I should follow up again with them based on our conversation, past conversations or emails and that's about as far as it goes, yeah.
Speaker 2: Got it. And, um, so Daniel, anything else from, from your end or—? Okay. So, um, the, the last thing that we'd love to hear from you is next week, um, our next steps are going to be holding a couple of AI trainings. Um, we, um, this is something that we like to do for, for companies to kind of uplevel everyone. And so one of the questions that we're asking is kind of what is your familiarity in using AI in your work processes? Like what have you experimented with, um, and is there anything that you would be excited to, to learn and, and uplevel?
Speaker 1: Yeah, I mean, I, I've used ChatGPT. I probably use that on a daily basis just to help me write some emails and I don't just copy and paste them, you know, because I've gotten those emails and I don't, I don't like that. You know, I like to personalize them and take out some of the, the wording I wouldn't use, um, but so I use ChatGPT for that sort of stuff and some of my other personal stuff. That's about as far as it goes. Um, so yeah, I'd be interested in, in learning what else AI can, can help me do with, with following up or whatever it is, you know.
Speaker 3: Do you have any reservations about AI or it's just something you just haven't used yet?
Speaker 1: No, yeah, I just don't know. Just don't know, you know, the capabilities. Um, very open to it though.
Speaker 3: Very cool. Yeah, some people are super terminator-oriented so we try to steer them away from that.
Speaker 1: I get it, yeah. Some of that stuff can be scary, yeah, but I'm open to it. Well, this was a really interesting conversation. I'm, I'm glad we took the time. Um, if you have any thoughts that just come to you, feel free to email them over. Um, again, we're going to do these two trainings next week and then do a more formal readout next Friday. Um, and then we'll actually start kind of developing some things that we'll start bouncing off folks and getting feedback on colors and features and, you know, all of the interesting things that, um, we'd like to build for you guys.
Speaker 1: Okay, awesome.
Speaker 3: Great, have a good Easter!
Speaker 1: Hey, you too guys, yep. Take care.
Speaker 2: Thank you, bye!
Speaker 1: Bye bye.