Ana: Hey Tammy!
Tammy: Hello! Is my mic working?
Ana: Yes, I hear you perfectly. How's... how's it going? How are you?
Tammy: Oh, can you not hear me? Okay...
Ana: Oh, can you hear me now? How about now?
Tammy: Yes! 
Ana: Amazing, there you go. How are you?
Tammy: I'm good. I just got called... like turn up the volume. I just got off a meeting with your dad.
Ana: Oh, really? Cool!
Tammy: Yeah, we were doing... one of the final areas of... manufacturing, and it's so complicated and you just, you know, your mind just spins and I'm sure his mind is just spinning, but he's so amazing, what he does. You guys are so amazing, what you do. So it's all exciting.
Ana: Oh... yeah. I'm... I'm really lucky to apprentice under him and... it's especially cool to... like get the opportunity to... like work on the same project, right? Like how often does this happen? So I'm getting to talk about this with him and say like, "Hey, like what are you building? Like we need endpoints here and there!" Like it's... it's really cool. Um, yeah, he's a really... he's a really impressive... impressive guy, impressive developer. Um... so I'm lucky to learn from him. But also it's... good to get some... some... some time to chat with you. We hadn't, you know, kind of had like a one-on-one and my dad has said so much about you and like your long history of collaboration together and how awesome you are. So yeah, thank you!
Tammy: Yeah, yeah. He's... he's great and... a lot of these, you know, I just kind of sit in the background but then I throw out like thought-provoking questions because sometimes people are just silent and I'm like, "Listen, think about what you want it to look like, what do you need, what do you do every day, tell me what you do every day." You know, when somebody starts explaining it, then it opens up, you know, more people start piping in, "But this, but that, you need this!" and I'm like, "Okay, now here we go." You know, and people don't, you know, realize it. But I also learn about it too, so it's... really good. Um, the meeting I thought we had the other day was good, the AI training.
Ana: Okay.
Tammy: Um, I think it went good. They... a few comments at the end were kind of like, "Well, they just literally taught us ChatGPT."
Ana: Mmm.
Tammy: And we were like, "No, not really." Like everyone's so used to just chatting and asking, and there was a lot of talk about the negative... communication from the customer and how to spin that to a positive and... you know... um, I can't think of the terminology, but... specific... being specific in what you're requesting or what you don't want requested. Um, and so I think all the pieces of that were good. I think that, you know, went really well, I think the examples were well. Um, I'd probably just if he can, just adjust the pricing on them so it appears real-world to them higher, um, if that's not a big deal. Um, and I think I think you should start it with... um, with you with more of an explanation that you've met with all of them, this is just 101 training, but you are building similar to what we're building for the CRM, the A1 portion of it, or the AI portion of it, focusing right now on sales, but that will go across the company. And I think that they need to hear, you know, you're going to be presenting to us, you know, we're going to be presenting to leadership what we can do for you. And that's why, but we want you to have this basis, you know, and you might think this is very basic, but really if they listen, there was a lot of good takeaways in it. So I think it was good, I think the amount of time was good, I think the examples were good. Um, you can tell they get silent sometimes, it's hard to think on the spot of what would you say or what would you do or they felt like they had all those answers. So it's... I think Daniel did great in saying, "Well, let me just throw this in here."
Ana: This is really great feedback. Thank you. I think we... heard across the board some people say like, "I've hardly ever used it," to, "You know, yeah, like I use it a couple times a day for emails." And so for this first one, I think there was that difficult thing of we kind of have to address the lowest common denominator, right? And make sure that everyone's on that same page. But I think that was the real risk, is like some people that have used it more feeling like, "I'm... I'm... I've got this." Um... so... so that's really interesting and... great feedback for... for tomorrow in... maybe addressing something that... we have a good sense that they haven't seen or additional tools that the company as a whole might consider that they just might not be aware of.
Tammy: And I think too you should also point out or reference like many of you are using ChatGPT.
Ana: Yeah.
Tammy: And we, you know, um, dot dot out, you know, we're going to be working, you know, with Jay and... um, managers and we're going to be using Claude, Anthropic, we're going to be working with, you know, the specific software that's set up and... we're showing you examples today but we're going to be building, you know, your platform that's going to help you. So because I think a few of them were like, "So how do we get this stuff into where we want it to go? Where is it going?" And they don't have that piece yet.
Ana: Yeah, right. Yeah, and they're... they're two separate things. Yeah, okay. So making sure that that's like really clear. Awesome. Um, so also what... um, what I wanted to do with you today, and also I don't think we'll take the full hour by the way. Um, I just realized yeah, um, I booked the whole time, but I wanted to show you... um, some of what we're going to be demonstrating and kind of just like get your feedback first on it if that sounds good.
Tammy: Yeah. Always love to be that person.
Ana: Awesome. Yeah, and my dad was like, "Talk to Tammy! Like she's going to have like, you know, the... the best ideas, you're the best person to co-build with." All right, let me... window, yeah, okay. Mm-hmm. Okay. Okay, so what we've heard over... across the board, and I'll walk you through this, what we've heard across the board is... essentially just we're having these calls and these conversations across all these channels, we're having meetings, like video meetings, we're having phone calls, we're having emails, we're having texts, and we have to go back into the CRM, if it was a long conversation we're probably going to forget most of the context, it's a lot of busy work to type all the things in, it's a lot of busy work to manually create the reminders... um, and just update everything. Um... and... and that just takes a lot of time... um, out of our day. Also there's a lot of kind of mental context loading before you go into every sales call of, "Okay, who is this person? Where did we leave off? Um, you know, what are their... like the personal details about them?" Going back and re-reading everything. And so... um... that... um... and let's see if there was anything else I wanted to mention. I think... I think those are kind of like the... the core things. So what we want to present is essentially... um... something that... um... when you have a call, when you... email, when you have a text, all of that gets automatically logged into the system, right. We're going to have kind of this... um... line by line of like what happened on each day, the AI summary of it so you can quickly look through and know what are the things that were being said, right? Then the cool thing is that you can go into... um... okay, we've changed all the names here. We can go into... um... someone... and their record and see for every single call... so here's on the left-hand side the call... the full transcript, and this is all completely automatic, and what gets pulled out of the transcript automatically as soon as you're finishing the call a couple minutes after, is a full summary. So what was the conversation that you just had? What were the topics that were covered? What were the key items? And it's going to sugg- automatically suggest follow-ups. So instead of you going into the system and putting in, "Let's set a reminder for this time," etc., it's going to say, "Do you want to set this reminder on the CRM?" You just click "Accept" and it gets input directly into the CRM. Instead of you manually writing up the follow-up draft, it's going to show you, "Hey, like here's what you should send," right? And you can go in, edit it inline, and then... right now we have it as like "Copy" and you take it over to your email to send, but we're looking into integrating with Outlook so you can just directly send it here. Moreover, this is going to have all of your conversations with the client that you've ever had and the full transcript. So what you can do is have this AI co-pilot where you can ask any questions about this client, right? Um, and so... um... if you're kind of struggling to remember, you know, on what call did we discuss... um... how they wanted the kitchen to look? If you're trying to wonder, "Um, you know, what has every... what's everything that we've discussed about, you know, like their... their property buying process?" That's something that you can ask in the co-pilot, full context. And one other step is that we're going to have... for example these... um... pages that... kind of keep track of the key... the key things of... for this client. So for example for this client we want to have like an overview of what's getting built. You want... let's say that there's like three people that you're constantly speaking with in this family. You have like Mark, Karen, Robert. Anything that you discuss is going to be noted here. So if you just want a quick reference to, "Let me just remember Mark and everything about him," we're going to see everything here. Um, everything about Karen. And it gets automatically populated after every call, right? And so... um... you can imagine like having... um... a ton of these... um... a ton of clients, right? One hundred clients. And... you want to know kind of where they are in their build, you want to know like what's, you know, all the personal details about them, you want to understand what's been the history... um... of our interactions with them. You just click into their record page and you have all these self-updating documents after every call that you've had. So... um... this is what we're driving towards... um... and then... um... so... so maybe I'll pause here and then I'll show you a couple of the other features that we're thinking about. So what does this address? Yeah, this addresses number one, just like the manual input notes. Yeah, go for it.
Tammy: Okay, so number one would be... so when you start presenting tomorrow, is what you're saying? So my first question...
Ana: Yeah.
Tammy: So when you start presenting tomorrow... I'm coming in today...
Ana: Mm-hmm.
Tammy: Am I logging into something? Or is it always on... is it an icon on my screen?
Ana: Okay.
Tammy: And how is it... I use my desk phone. How is it connected to my desk phone? So is it?
Ana: Yeah, so you're going to log in.
Tammy: You're going to log in to something.
Ana: And you're using...
Tammy: You're going to log in to your platform.
Ana: Yeah.
Tammy: Whatever you call it, okay.
Ana: Yeah, you're going to log into this platform... um... this "Sales Co-pilot." It's going to open up, it's going to show you this screen. You're going to have... um... the list of your active clients here and the list of like your nurturing clients.
Tammy: Okay.
Ana: And... um... when you have like a meeting coming up with... let's say this guy Brian, you're going to open up Brian's record and... well, here it's a mock-up, it's a mock-up, the actual one I'm building still looks kind of ugly so I didn't want to show you that one. Um... you have the mock-up here and we're going to click "Start Call" and it's going to start a recording. Um, and then once that recording is finished... um, it's going to populate here on the left-hand side and say, "This is the call that you just had. This is the summary of the call that you just had. Here are the follow-ups that you should set on the system and here's the follow-up draft that you should send." I'll make that flow clearer.
Tammy: Okay. Um... so I think that would be a great start in terms of just, you know, baby-stepping in. I would say you're going to come in, you're going to log into this co-pilot and... um... you know, your customers will be set up here, which is I'm sure something that you guys are going to help them do for setup or whatever. Um, and then when they call, if I press the call button, I can use my handheld phone. I don't have to go into elevate and dial anything, right? And it's going to automatically record, so I don't have to remember to record?
Ana: Mm-hmm.
Tammy: Okay. So I think those... I think that'd be a great starter, like just and you have to dumb it down.
Ana: Okay.
Tammy: You know, you come in, you've got this, this is going to record and then now you can focus on, "Here's all my recordings," and then it's very clear what you're explaining about... um, the co-pilot coming in and how you can respond and answer. Um, and then you guys are working with Juan to link it to the CRM. We're not that far, we're still flat on the CRM anyways. Um, but I think this is great, this is a great tool. So this is calls?
Ana: Yeah, this is for sales calls. And something... something that... um... we need to see if... if it fits into this... into this scope because it's a little bit trickier to... to fully get right, but is actually a "Call Co-pilot." And that's really cool. Something that we've heard from some of the sales reps is... you need actually really deep technical expertise to answer some of the questions that you get, right? So, "Oh, we're in Montana and we have like this... like bedrock, so... like to what depth do we need to build the foundation?" And someone new, like... um, Jody mentioned that she'd only been there a few weeks, she's still learning the ropes. She might not have the answer to that. So what we might be able to do is source all the answers ever by scraping all the emails, and so... we basically have a live transcription on the call, and as soon as one of those questions come in, boop, the answer's popping up. And so Jody can just read the answer, right? And answer on the spot, right? Um, and so... um... yeah, I think... um... that's... something I'm... working on right now now that I've kind of finished the core components here. But I think one of the questions, and maybe this is good to ask you, is like I want to ask the team what are the priority features, right? Because if they say, "Oh, that co-pilot so much more important than, you know, automatic reminders," right? Um, yeah. So how does that sound?
Tammy: I think it's good. I don't... I think tomorrow is going to be more the management and not all the sales group.
Ana: Mm-hmm.
Tammy: Where you- I mean I think because Jay wants to see it first.
Ana: Mm-hmm.
Tammy: Um, Jay and Sarah and... um, Chris, so I think we're going to get their input and then we can present it again to sales. Or were you thinking it was going to be the sales group tomorrow as well?
Ana: Um, no. Well, actually tomorrow the idea was... um... a part two of... of training. And the idea tomorrow was like yesterday we focused a lot on kind of how to use AI as a tool beyond just writing emails. And then tomorrow was going to be a way from just like how to use a chatbot to, "Hey, these are tools that you should be considering that maybe you haven't as an enterprise." And so for example one of those is like the AI dictation tool that you saw Daniel using, right? Another one is... for example like... um... we know that... for a lot of the marketing you do, right? Some of these assets can now just be automatically generated, like the... the icon asset and all these other things. Like these are video editing tools to consider. So that was tomorrow. Tomorrow is just training, and this is for Friday but... um... yeah. So how does that sound?
Tammy: Oh, okay. Oh my gosh. So tomorrow... so we missed two people because I think it was understood to pick one or the other.
Ana: Um, okay. Well, then I need to just like sync up with... sync up with Daniel. All right, no, then that's probably so- tomorrow we're going to have a completely new cohort.
Tammy: Well, I mean, you're right. So you basically will have provided 101.
Ana: Yeah, great. So that's good. And then what we'll do is that on Friday... on Friday we'll... add in... add in like the tool recommendation that I'm mentioning to you. So...
Tammy: So I think Friday, my understanding was the pres- your presentation of this.
Ana: The presentation of this, exactly.
Tammy: And then next week after that, then you could get deeper training, right?
Ana: Yeah, well and next week... next week we'd actually want to start getting into the build. And so... like... like next week when we have kind of the confirmation, "Yeah, this looks good, these are priority features," then we'll get deep into the building of it, right? Because right now I'm creating all of it but kind of...
Ana: ...work with Sean, right, and make sure that the emails are integrated, I still need to do like the data migration and so all of that is like as soon as we get the the greenlight, that's kind of more of an integration, yeah, and focus on building.
Tammy: Okay, uh, well, you know, if he wants to do a little more extensive tomorrow, I can get the other people back in and do like a combo and that way you can ask the questions about their priorities.
Ana: Um, I think we can I think we can just keep it simple and like leave that for like let's just do tomorrow the group two and then on Friday, which is the presentation of this and we're going to have management, right?
Tammy: Right.
Ana: Okay, so that's where we're going to walk through this. We have a little presentation of hey, we met with the full sales team, this is what we heard across the board as the greatest pain points, you know, like these kind of manual processes are taking this amount of overhead in the week and we want to help you streamline all that to save hours per week. Here's how, here's some of the features we're considering, what's highest priority, you know, what are we going to implement in the coming week.
Tammy: Yeah, excellent, then then I would just go into the very basic, you're going to they're going to come to this site, it's connected to their phones, is it also connected automatically to email?
Ana: Yeah, so that's what we'll be doing. Like we want to cover full channel integration, right, so it's like how are we going to capture the meetings, which I understand to all be over Teams, how are we going to capture the phone calls, right and so right now if it's at the desk, that's like straightforward, we need to figure out specifically how to integrate with the Elevate system if they're on their cell phones away from their desk. So that's kind of the one remaining question. Um, and then emails and emails and texts, emails, that can that can be integrated via Outlook, um, and then texts, we have to figure out with the integrate system, sorry with the Elevate system if there's an easy way to just get that data or if it's going to be kind of the same as it is today which they're copy-pasting things like emails or making notes, right? There might not be like a way to bridge those two but we'll try our best with Elevate.
Tammy: Um, maybe with Elevate they're not texting as much, maybe it's just the calls and if they don't have...
Ana: Well, that would be great.
Tammy: Yeah, I think because these are full conversations, you know, so okay, so then you're showing this, this is your tool, this is what the AI co-pilot can help you with when you're calling them back or prepare, plus you have these notes and then it's going to integrate with the CRM automatically.
Ana: Mhm, yep, exactly. You have this these automatic reminders, you have the automatic kind of notes if you want to look into summaries, you have the AI you can ask anything about. We also thought about things like let's say you like finish a call and um this that you're seeing right here, the summary, the topics covered, key items, like maybe you also get that as an email, right? And so it's like hey, like here's what happened on your call, you spoke with these guys, this was their like CTN, here's the summary, personal details to remember, recommend the next steps, etc., view the full 14-minute transcript. And then that leads into what you're seeing right now. So you see there's kind of a world of little like details to sort out like do you want the email or like is just this fine, like do we focus more on like the co-pilot or do we focus more on this.
Tammy: Yeah, you know what, I think this would be great for the management team to see to give their initial input and then or hear from Jay if he wants everyone's input or if he says I want everyone to get the email as a reminder and I want everyone to do the scheduled follow-up, you know, with the option to opt out if they've already communicated in between, you know, whatever the rules are because he's very much about um customers and leads and first-call customers, um you know, whatever's coming into the system.
Tammy: Okay, so every time they answer their phone it would record automatically...
Ana: You'd press a button to start a call. Um, so I'll show that clearly here. Um, you press a button to start a call because right now I have it as um copilot.html, right and so and like it might look different than this, this is maybe a little too techy, but then the transcript would start appearing here. This is the detected questions that I told you about, they'd pop up on a little card and say the client just asked you know about like the pricing, like here's what you might say. Um, I'll add a really obvious like call button um here, so press this call button and it starts automatically.
Tammy: And when a call comes into Log Home Mart and they transfer it over to your salesperson and the person picks up the phone... and so what I'm asking is do they have to hit record every time they pick up their phone?
Ana: Well, uh, yes. Is there a strong reason why we should we would want to make it even easier than that?
Tammy: Um, only because I think they might forget. Yeah, and they're getting a sales call because it's you know I mean if it's not a sales call then they can just ignore that or what happens if it's ultimately not a sales call.
Ana: That's why kind of you would only press the start call button and it can be like a really obvious button, you'd only really press that if if it is a sales call. But this is giving me a thought, maybe what we could do instead is instead of having a webpage we can have something, you guys have uh Windows computers or...
Tammy: Yeah.
Ana: Okay, um, we could have something on the very top menu bar, right, so like you know where you see like the the time on your computer, like that little menu bar very much at the top and have just a little icon there that they can click so no matter where, no matter what app you're on, you can just click that and it starts the recording, maybe that's something that would be a little bit easier than going to a webpage.
Tammy: Right, because if I didn't have this open I'd have to be opening it, right?
Ana: Yeah, so maybe that the first part of my day is I need to open this.
Tammy: Mhm, but as a salesperson once I have this built I'll want to have this open anyway.
Ana: Right, yeah, so kind of either is easy, I mean either either is a viable path um and like will be just what the new routine is um but I I think this is great, right, because like if management says like oh it's it's priority to just make it so accessible like the menu bar then we'll focus on building that, you know.
Tammy: Okay.
Ana: Okay, so that's really helpful.
Tammy: Yeah, so is it's easy enough we're going to start out with you open this site, this is your salesperson it's always open just like my QuickBooks is always open or whatever. Okay, yeah, no, I think this looks great um and this is from you know again you're just looking at the sales perspective of it um we haven't integrated everything else AI-wise in um with the CRM and then these reminders, I think that's good to look at to get input from this Lucas will be in there and he'll be able to give good good input.
Ana: Great, okay, yeah Lucas was was super helpful to talk to by the way.
Tammy: Yeah, yeah and I think Sean will be there and I think um I'll just tell you that if there's issues that you're not getting information then you need to reach out and let us know or connection because...
Ana: Okay, yeah, so um for example like Sean I I messaged him right after the meeting yesterday haven't heard back, I know that with uh Daniel there was an an issue with Daniel's email domain um but mine is a personal email so I don't think we should be having that problem, I just messaged him back if I don't hear from him maybe I'll just like ask you and maybe you tell him hey like send him a text or something.
Tammy: Yeah.
Ana: Cool.
Tammy: Are you looking for some stuff from him or...
Ana: I wanted to talk about the like Elevate system um with him, um I've been uh looking online for like the APIs they have but I think he just might have some like easy answers.
Tammy: And he might not, but you know what, um Chris Stitcher...
Ana: Okay, the general manager.
Tammy: He actually worked with that company when they were contracting in and has a contact with them.
Ana: Oh, great.
Tammy: So maybe if you just email Chris.
Ana: Oh, that's perfect, thank you for that info. Okay, do you use Elevate by the way, um like on your cellphone ever?
Tammy: It is all it's on all of our cellphones, so I mean I get dinged all the time or can choose to answer if I'm not in the building or whatever, uh the sales people do as well because they take call on Saturdays, yeah, so so they have access to that.
Ana: Gotcha, okay, sounds good.
Tammy: Yeah, so with this so that's the presentation for tomorrow, the review for Friday, yes, I think tomorrow's Friday, gosh darn it.
Ana: Two more days.
Tammy: That's the problem, here it is.
Tammy: Um, okay, so then that leaves us with what's the next step, what are you proposing on pricing, what does all that look like, I'm sure that's going to come up.
Ana: Yeah, so with that I want to make sure everything is completely in line with what you guys are doing with my dad, um and so I think that's something that I'll probably like loop loop on him, he's already done a lot of the work with you guys and figuring out you know what's what's reasonable, so that's a conversation I want to have first with him, yeah.
Tammy: Okay.
Ana: Yeah, if you have any insight into that you know it's it's welcome but I I figure you guys have already had those conversations.
Tammy: Yeah, I don't know I mean I've talked to your dad about it and I don't know I don't know how you guys are set up, so you can ask him he could certainly share with you and then they're just going with a flat rate you know start with I don't think he's doing anything for the development side, he's you know building it in.
Tammy: Um, so then here's an interesting um yesterday we were in a meeting talking and so there's a material contract list for a customer, there's three required payments, um 10%, 20%, and 50% at different trigger points you know down design service and material shipping and so Jay was saying how could we improve this, do we do 20% down is that too much and then 40, you know and then um 70 like how do we break this up differently.
Tammy: And so he was talking to Chris and I and we were going through different scenarios and I said well, this would be a great tool for your sales staff to work with AI in probing and getting have a meeting with their thoughts on it with the answers that they get on it.
Tammy: And you know, have them come to your meeting did they use the tool correctly or not, you know, and I was doing some just general chatting last night just to learn of what it would say and it was kind of interesting.
Tammy: But I'm just thinking like for tomorrow if I send you the details, um so if you go through this is what we're doing with the sales route Jay for management here's an example and you could use that with how do you ask those questions to get different answers to see what the system says, would you want to do something like that?
Ana: That's awesome, please send it over.
Tammy: That would make you like golden because he'd be like oh my gosh she's I mean I could tell him you know I shared this idea but I think that um so the sales piece is different you know that's more phone, text, email related, here's now management or general information-wise how you can benefit from our tool from your tool in Claude and what you're putting together because I'll send you over the details on and you can ask it however you want to ask it but this is the end game of what you want to get to. Um, is that something you'd have time for tomorrow?
Ana: Awesome, send it over. Um, I want to like dig into the details and I'll I'll shoot you an email on on like if it's feasible and like what what I would show, that's really that's a really cool idea.
Tammy: Okay, because I was just like randomly doing dumb stuff last night to get ideas and some of the things that came up were interesting and I'm thinking gosh I wonder if you could share this like Daniel was yesterday he was doing this piece you know so you'd be prepared with a live demo of this is all sales, you know we're you know we're presenting this, proposing this, we'd start next week we'd have it built you know whatever all those pieces are and I guess those will be questions to be prepared for and then just say I want to share this concept from a managerial perspective of using AI not necessarily recording all your calls or you know how it can help you throughout your day Jay and it would be the same tool, the same like do you go to the same website and the chat like ChatGPT sends that window up, does your website do that, your link does it show me just a chat like just just AI.
Ana: Yeah, yeah, we have a chat thing, yeah, and I mean under the hood I mean there's it's it's just talking to Claude, Claude is the top of the line model, like you wouldn't want anything other than that.
Tammy: Okay, so is that something that could be prepared like this is the sales and now we'll build Jay we're going to build you you know manager or we can build different I don't know but then it's just one click and it gets me to the bubble that I talk to versus logging in or how do I get there, dumb it down for me I don't know you know what I'm asking is like I go to the and I type in ChatGPT but if I had an icon or if I had something that just took me right to Claude, right who you want me chatting with that would be a great example to show tomorrow and show that question and and I'll get you details because you'll understand it once you see it.
Ana: Yeah, I think that makes sense is like the ease of use and here's like a really clear use case, cool.
Tammy: Yeah and this is how you would get there and you know step by step, I like what you're saying kind of about the the baby steps making it really obvious the path.
Tammy: Right, very obvious and then and then of course you know your timeline and what you know what do we are we purchasing software and you're going to tell us what to purchase and like do you have that laid out or...
Ana: We're going to recommend Claude Enterprise, yeah, um but if you guys choose not to do that and choose to stay with chat that's ultimately like we're going to give you recommendations and why it makes sense. Um, and but I think like the priority proposal is going to be like here's the build that addresses your sales team's problems, um but we're going to lay together some put together some recommendations like hey...
Tammy: Well, I think you should propose it that way and your proposing it as Claude.
Ana: Okay.
Tammy: And that you have the choice to do what you want but our build is going to be this um because uh we had some candid conversations I did with Jay and Chris um because like your dad said I'm going to build this but I'm going to host it and Sean doesn't manage it and he manages it or his team manages it you know and so it was clear you know upfront I said okay here's your options or he'll give you all the screenshots and then you find someone else to build it and I said and I mean there wasn't even a spark thought in the room they were like no this you know but I think I think it's fair for you to say this is our build, it's based on Claude, this is what we're going to recommend because then it's clear we're not or if you choose GPT, just say this is it, this is why we're recommending it, you know who knows in 10 months if something else you know...
Ana: Yeah, it's crazy.
Tammy: Yeah.
Ana: Yeah, I mean if we're going to get into the AI of it all like Anthropic is winning this race, small chance that you know Gemini comes through, but at the end of the day it's easy to swap out these models underneath, right? So the real value that we're bringing is kind of this is integrating with the way you guys work, right?
Tammy: Right, yeah, exactly and that's what I would say but you know you can say hey listen if something better product comes out in the future and we're learning it like you're learning it you know we're not going to keep that from you and you're not married to this forever but this is what our proposal and our system is going to be built on and that way you don't have to you know um go back and forth on hey I'm on the phone oh yeah nice to see you though um on different options, you know I think like just stick to your guns this is what you know this is what you like this is what you do.
Ana: Perfect.
Tammy: I think it's going to be great and I think picking up that piece of this is sales and you'll be able to show enough of that that's going to be impressive then if you kick into you know we can design around management or more general information and training you know and we'll have more training in next steps but um and show him that example I think it'll be good really good.
Ana: Perfect, so um send me over the that info um and I'll look into it, but um thank you Tammy so good to meet with you, thanks for the input.
Tammy: Yeah, you're welcome, you're welcome, this is great, everyone here is so excited about this CRM and even this AI and they weren't negative yesterday it just you know it was initially and then when we kind of pointed out yeah but did you ever really ask in that way, did you ever really ask how to you know like there was very good valid points um and what was up for Sean he wanted to...
Ana: He yeah I mean he's flying he wants to know how to use OpenCloud, we need to have a one-on-one with him.
Tammy: Yeah, yeah and I think yeah so and I think maybe some of those you should probably invite Jay and Chris to attend as well or myself just so he's not alone like he stays on task with direction of what they want not what he's looking for.
Ana: Yeah, totally.
Tammy: Would be the only reason. So okay yeah I'll send you over that information and Friday I keep saying tomorrow Friday will be great and then I'm sorry about messing up the option one option two.
Ana: No no no that's great you know I think like Daniel and I were still kind of like syncing up and I wanted to get your input, so it works perfectly, it's great.
Tammy: Okay yeah it'll be smaller group unless some attend again um but I think it was good and I think everything will lead to more training anyways and you know like you said some of them told you they never touched it before and um so that it's all good, I think it was good.
Ana: Cool, thank you. Awesome, well good chatting Tammy, have a good rest of your day and we'll talk soon.
Tammy: All right, thank you, bye.