Ana: Hello, everyone! We figured it out. I am so sorry about that. How's everyone doing this morning? Or not even this morning, this afternoon. Can you all hear me well?
Group: Yep. Yep.
Ana: Okay, excellent. All right, so let's dive right in since I know we're at this point a few—a few minutes late. Just want to say thank you everyone so much for making the time. So, we spent the last couple of weeks with everyone on the sales team, as well as speaking to Tammy, Sean, Chris, and so what I want to do today is—is walk you through what we heard, show you what we're going to propose building, a few things that we've already built, and then—and then we'll open it up for discussions. So let me share screen here on the little presentation I've got. So share... entire screen... great, share. Okay great, so can you guys see my little presentation here?
Group: Yep.
Ana: Great, amazing. Okay, so we sat down with—with the sales team, so with Lucas, Jeff, Jody, Justin, John. Thank you all so much for the time. It was great to speak with everyone. And so we heard the kind of the pain points clustering in—in two places. The first is, let's say, the five minutes before a call, and the second pain cluster is the hour after it, right?
So, let's say that you have a one-hour conversation, and—or even just a 30-minute conversation with a client, and that typically will become an hour more of work afterwards by the time that you've done notes, CRM updates, setting reminders, follow-up emails, handing off to other departments, and all that is kind of happening by hand and from memory, right?
And so to kind of like go over, right? So, right before a call happens, right now, I know that Sean had set up this kind of pre-call, like caller ID—we've identified who's calling, so at least you had that. I know that since switching over from the Elevate system, we—we haven't set that up again, but even—even kind of with that, we don't have any kind of instant context surfacing. So it might be someone that you spoke to months ago, and, you know, you have to quickly dig through your CRM and make sure that you find, like, all that information to download to memory and—and kind of get back on to speak to that client.
Then for call capture, right? So you had this long conversation, and then when you go to put the notes in the CRM, that might only result in kind of the top three remembered items being captured and noted down. Everything is—is manual; right now none of it is automatic at this point, there's no transcription. Tasks and reminders—that's all also manual, none of it is auto-generated from the conversation content at this point. Every follow-up email is—is written from scratch.
Something that we heard from the team is that at some point, there was the attempt to templatize, but then there was a client that noted kind of the generic language or the same thing kind of being sent, and so kind of the move was—no, we really have to be personalized and show clients that we're giving them that level of attention. So, everything currently from scratch. Team handoffs to design, to pricing, to engineering updates are happening kind of by paper, by email, very manually.
And—and the one other pain point that we heard was that it's—it's sometimes takes a while to ramp up a new rep, right? There's no kind of playbook or answer library for—for a lot of the questions that might be coming up during the calls and—and in these follow-up emails that we're writing. So these are the things that we're going propose solving, and I'm excited to show you what—what we've kind of mocked up and discussed with the team and get some input.
But before we go into that, I also wanted to call out a few more things that came up across discovery that maybe won't be in the initial build. Our read was that they were kind of lower priority than that pre-call and post-call loop, but we wanted to capture everything here because all of those features can be re-ranked and prioritized, right? So if any of them matter more to you than what we've scoped, you just tell us and we'll move them up, right? And also just to illustrate that it's—our build's very flexible, whatever you tell us is priority is what we'll—we'll focus on.
So the first is that we heard that the sales team is—is having a very heavy non-sales call load, right? So they act as the de facto routers, right? When vendors or services call, that can interrupt the sales workday. So something that we could implement there is something like an AI receptionist that's very natural sounding at this point. Voice AI has come a very long way in the last year or so, so you can imagine it answering, routing, and filtering calls before they reach reps. So that's one thing we heard.
The second, kind of what we talked about, this like no-caller context, right? So the phone might ring with no indication of who it is, and so credit to Sean for the caller ID lookup that was automatically pulling up and telling the reps who is calling so that they know, "No, whose customer is this?" before we pick up. It's currently dormant, but we can reinstate it and add an AI-generated layer on top of that so that if you have a sudden call coming in, the rep can kind of get the full context that they need to jump in fully informed.
And then the third is that we heard that a lot of these calls are just highly, highly technical, right? And so a lot of the times you might have a sales rep answering a question like, "Hey, we're building in Montana and we've got this like layer of bedrock, so to what depth do we need to build the foundation for this home?" right? And if it's a newer sales rep, that might not be something that they have the full answer to or the full context to respond appropriately. So something that we could do is a real-time sales co-pilot that is working off of Golden Eagle's answer corpus—so all the product specs, the pricing rules, engineering details. So as soon as a question gets asked, the answer is popping up on the screen as a little co-pilot.
So, that covers a lot of what we heard from the sales team. And so what we're going to talk about are is this set—this set of questions, but again everything can be re-prioritized. And right now we have focused on the sales team, but also want to tell you kind of on a broader scope what we recommend AI-wise for the team, so I'll—I'll also give a little bit of a deep dive in that after kind of going over our demo.
So, now let's—let's jump in to the mock-up that we've made to answer some of these questions. So I'm going to switch over... can you guys now see this little login screen?
Tammy: Yes.
Ana: Okay, perfect. So to recap, right? Right now, like we're having kind of these long conversations, the manual input, the manual reminder setting, the manual kind of emailing both the client and the teams, and so just a massive amount of—of overhead. So this is what that's built to solve.
So, when a sales rep logs in, here is like the mock build that we've made. They're met with their active clients, and we're going to make this in a way that kind of is matching the aging report that—that reps are used to right now. So you can imagine having kind of the most active clients and then everyone that you're nurturing down below. So people that might not be qualified yet, but maybe down the line and that you want to just like keep in touch with.
So this will also kind of have—it won't just be a static list, it will be functioning off of the reminder system that the reps are already familiar with. We'll match the aging report, and if someone hasn't been touched in a set period of time, that person will automatically float up also as a to-do item, like, "Hey, you haven't talked to this person in three weeks, they should be on your radar."
So before we dive into kind of the transcription and all that, I want to address how will the communication content get into the system in the first place? So I know that the team recently migrated onto the Elevate phone system. So, I did my homework there and looked into what Elevate is able to do for us, and it turns out that very recently, actually, they are starting to expose their API, which allows us to take the call audio and we will be able to pipe that into our system. So on your Pro plan, we'll be able to directly pull audio in from the desk phones and from the cell phones. And we're also working on making sure that texts can be routed in, right?
So what we want to get to is that no rep has to manually upload anything. No rep even has to hit record on a separate device. It all just gets piped in from the second that they're taking that call on your phone system. So we're connecting with Elevate on that.
So the idea is, let's say that we're taking one of your active leads. We're going to have a little side panel that opens up and shows every single communication that you've had across video meetings, across phone calls, across emails, across texts, and we'll also have something that you can just start recording, such as like during an in-person meeting. So all of that will be logged, and we will have kind of the summary of what happened on each thing. So at a glance, you have a really quick view of what has happened lately with—with this client.
So now let's say that a rep just finished up a call. We can click into that client's record, and what we're going to have is the full record of the conversation, just entirely transcribed here. Every word just automatically captured. And the reason why it's really important to have this is that right now, a call is finishing and we're logging maybe three bullet points, but a lot of other context is lost. A lot of personal details, maybe even some decisions, questions that came up. And so having something like this is going to ensure that we have full information captured.
Then what we're going to have—and here's where it gets really powerful—is that based on the transcript, the system is going to automatically generate summary, notes, decisions. And the way that we've structured it was kind of based on the conversations that we've had—we don't want it to be a whole ton of extra overhead reading an encyclopedia of text of, "Here's what happened in the meeting." It can be as simple as, "Here's a summary, and then here are the action items that's coming out of it."
And what we can do is eliminate kind of the manual reminder setting and eliminate the manual stage updating by saying, "Hey, based off of this conversation, this is the reminder that you should set." So it's just a simple accept, right? And based on this conversation, it looks like we can move to the next stage in the CRM, all you have to do is click accept, right?
And so the rep is finishing the call, looking at the summary, seeing what were the decisions, what are the suggested actions, and then any follow-up email we're going to have auto-drafted based on the conversation. So the idea is you come in, this is auto-drafted, click into it, edit any little details that you want, and just click send, right?
The really cool thing that I'll get into in a second is that this is not a templatized email, it's going to be based off of a set of rules of how your team operates after let's say certain like milestones, and not only that, but then how your reps tend to talk, right? So we're going to train it on the voice of each individual sales rep.
The one other thing to note here is that we're capturing here on the left-hand side you'll see all the calls that have happened, and we're going to get that full transcript and the full set of notes for each call to easily revisit. And we're going to build here on the right-hand side an AI co-pilot that's going to have full context on this client and all conversations that have ever been had. So next time that you need to get a quick refresher on, "Hey, what's everything that we've talked about the floor plan, about the kitchen layout, about what materials they have," the AI co-pilot will be able to quickly surface up all that information for you, so there's not this kind of manual digging across all the notes.
The one other really neat feature is that let's say, for example, that on this one client engagement, you're working with a number of people, let's say you're working with this person named Mark, and let's say that his wife is called Karen, and let's say that there's been a lot of back and forth about the kitchen layout. And I don't know why this mock-up is kind of having issues so I'm going to go back to this one... but what you can imagine having is these project files that after every conversation get automatically updated with what the latest information is, right? And so you might have one of the calls auto-suggesting, "Hey, let's make a document on this person who's now becoming heavily involved in the discussion," or, "Let's make a page about the kitchen layout because there's a lot of discussion happening on that," and it's auto-updating after every conversation.
So that's kind of what we're seeing here in terms of how we're going to make it extremely easy for—for the sales team to finish a call, not have to input any manual notes, just auto-accept reminders, just tweak the auto-draft and send it. And we're going to have that as well not just for the client side, but auto-drafting emails for any internal team communication—so handoff to the design team, to the engineering team—will just be auto-drafted.
Okay, let's see where to go from here. And the last thing to show here is this tab here of "Templates." And this is something really cool. Something that we heard is a lot of the times we're drafting up kind of the same sort of email. So let's imagine, for example, that for a lot of the clients that are in our nurturing pipeline who are not yet qualified and that we're kind of on an every-few-months let's do a touch-base with them. Let's imagine that we want to do like a YouTube soft touch—so we just had like a new link drop, a new YouTube video drop and we want to do a soft touch, or we just want to send them an existing video.
One of the things we can have is have basically a set of templatized emails with a set of rules, such as whenever it's been this amount of time, we want to send this sort of email to the client, talking about, "Hey, little casual email, sharing a new home tour video or an existing one," and what we can do is add a set of references here, right? So what are all of our existing YouTube videos? Give them a little description. And then have the AI just choose based on any sample input what the sample email should be.
And so at this point, what you could do is create any number of templates that say if this happens during a conversation, or you know, if this happens in terms of this amount of time has passed, then we want to send this type of email, this is kind of the prompt, these are the references to go off of, and then based on the transcript of the conversation, generate that email, right? So this template just makes it really easy to automate all the email sending that the reps are currently doing.
So, I'm going to pause there. I know that that was a lot of content to cover. The one other thing actually that I didn't mention was that we also have the option of sending the reps an auto-email before and after any scheduled calls, saying, "Hey, this is what happened on your most recent call, this is a summary, these are some personal details to remember," right? Making sure that we have that super personal touch. And before any emails, we can get something very similar, which is, "Hey, we have this call coming up, these are the things you need to know about this client, what stage they're in, what information you have to have kind of loaded up in memory."
So I'm going to pause there and—and would love to kind of get any thoughts on this, and then we'll go back to the presentation for things beyond this. Would love to hear what resonates, what thoughts are coming up.
Lucas: Question on, let's say a client calls in on an unrecognized phone number, how would that work in the system and then transferring that transcription?
Ana: Yeah, great question. So the—if it's something that happens on the Elevate phone system, then that transcription will automatically get captured, and what we'll do is that we'll just auto-generate kind of a new client section here, and then you can retrospectively fill in any details you have with the new person. But those are little—little build details that we like will figure out like as we go along. But yeah, great question.
John: Okay, back to when a call comes in. If you look at how we're doing now, it sounds absolutely crazy, doesn't it? I mean, because the poor sales people are being receptionists. I mean, it really looks like we're abusing them. And—the poor sales people—and it looks like it's a bad thing for them, okay? Now what happens is the most aggressive sales person picks up the phone more times in a day, even though a lot of those calls are loser calls, but that fast-acting sales person actually finds some gold in those, okay?
So the problem is if we socialize it—the—and I'm all for receptionist—I would really like a real receptionist or somebody that doesn't scare away customers, you know, like an AI that might, but I'm just saying is the aggressive sales people were rewarded. Do you think so, Chris? I think so, right? And then yes, they are having to shoot vendors to buyers or whatever and there are log home art calls messed up in there, mixed up in there. So, I mean, there is some pros to the—it isn't all—at first I'm thinking, "Oh, this is absolutely crazy," when you're—as you're describing it.
But the problem is somebody has to, you know, the aggressive ones usually win, but I'm not saying you're wrong, I'm just saying this is kind of how it goes. And then what was the other thing? Bring up—could you go back to that original call or that first page, whatever that was?
Ana: Mhm.
Jay: Because what else—what else were they complaining about on there? And I'm using the word complaining, but...
Ana: Yeah. So to address what this—what this addresses is: number one, the manual input of notes after a call. That's automatically taken care of. Number two...
Jay: Let's go back to your question air with the sales people, that's what...
Ana: Sure, yeah.
Jay: ... I was thinking about. Let's go back one further, maybe there's another one.
Jay: Additional findings, right here, additional findings. You know, the reps act as a vendor or receptionist, okay? Yep, I'm thinking, "Oh man, that's terrible." And then—Lucas just said the phone rings with no indication. Yeah, let's—like Lucas just said, the phone rings years. Whose customer are they and where the last conversation so if that okay, let's just if there's no indication of who it is, uh the most aggressive should get on the stick and pick it up if they want to make, you know, maybe get some sales but I just I'm just telling you what the other side of the story here.
Shon: Also just to reinforce what Jay is saying though, this is really important. The system we had in the past where they could see who made the call or was calling in, we had reps or one in particular that would say, "Oh, that's not my customer, I'm not answering the call," you know.
Speaker 1: Well that's, yeah that's that was very important what Shawn just said because uh that's what happened is they'll just nobody picks it up because oh, that's Jeff's deal, forget about it, you know, just let the thing ring.
Speaker 2: And say for example, let's say if Lucas is in a meeting and someone else sees that it's Lucas's lead, you know in the CRM, then they turn around and go, "Well, oh it's better to go to Lucas's voicemail," you know, they don't care, you know, when they could have just picked up the phone and answered a quick question for that customer.
Speaker 3: Mmm.
Speaker 2: Those kind of things tend to be that's why I kind of wasn't in a big hurry to put that system back into place because we found that it was causing some problems for us too, you know.
Speaker 1: I agree with Shawn on that, it's—but I mean a couple minutes ago was like, yeah, we're absolutely crazy with the way we do things but there is another side to this.
Speaker 4: Totally.
Lukas: So um the helpful thing is that whoever answers the phone knows something about the caller, um so if it is my lead and I don't recognize the number or whatever, but I answer it and I'm quickly able to access that information about them um so you don't sit there and go, "Oh no, I don't remember talking to you, you know, nine months ago."
Jay: No, no, it's all good except for just and I don't have the answer for you and I'm not saying we can't change something but um I don't know, I'm just telling you there's something else here too but—
Speaker 4: Yeah.
Speaker 1: And Shon’s telling you the same thing.
Speaker 4: Yeah, no I definitely see what you're talking about as a bad thing because you gain what I hear and is you're gaining the note-taking capability, you're gaining the foresight of who you're talking to when you're answering so those are gains. The risks involve sometimes is yeah, someone's going to go, "Yeah, that's not my customer." I think we have better sales staff now than we had at the time that that was going on so therefore it's not as big of a challenge as it seems but it's just worth noting, you know.
Speaker 1: No, I know the advantages are more than the disadvantages. It's just I just wanted you to know the disadvantages um and how can we fix those? And I do understand we're interrupting the salesperson every time they got to pick up the phone. Um, pretty soon they won't have to do anything. I mean, we might as well just send them a check every month. It's your preference really is they continue answering live. We don't automate something based on the caller saying, "I'm looking for shipping," or something like that. Like we want it we want these sales people to be the receptionist at the door. See I'm not you know again I'm not 100% sold there because it is a waste of time for them too on the other hand, you know. So I'm not I'm just trying to think of a balance here you know. Okay, so let's say we if the phone comes—again we've always prided ourselves of having live people answering the phone because I just get so mad if I'm at trying to get through like, "Oh my gosh, to the hospital or something," and then they prompt you and they send you all over the place, you know. But um, you know you call up on the phone, let's just brainstorm. Once they call up on the phone and it says, "Hey, thanks for calling Golden Eagle and Log Home Mart. If you're looking for homes over $700,000 press 1. If you're looking for homes under $700,000 press 2. If you're looking for shipping hang up and call the right number. If you're looking for—you got money yes and no? You're going to sell us something call back." I'm just saying that there's—it's got to be so good, so smooth that um it doesn't sound you can't be like we can't give them a runaround, you know.
Speaker 4: 100% and just four options would probably be the better like: Sales, Shipping, Log Home Mart, HR. Like four options would be—
Speaker 1: Yeah, I don't know I don't know the answer we got to—again I just I went from you're 100% correct to there's something else wrong here but uh anybody else on any thoughts because—
Juan: I have I have some thoughts. Um. First of all, this is not a regular Joe store where you buy commodities.
Speaker 1: Right.
Juan: This is a luxury um negotiation, a luxury industry where I would expect VIP treatment. I would not like to find in this type of service the type of IVR that says press number one for this, press number two for that. I think that that is not VIP, that is not luxury, that is commodity. That's one thought. The other thought is that hearing the behavior of these sales reps, in my opinion, and I know I have had sales reps, you know, and I was selling commodity where that is even—they don't even care, you know. But I see a big opportunity with the system that Ana is building in collecting even those short conversations of whoever picks the phone and uh answers quickly or not even—even people not answering the phone, that is a signal. Letting it ring three times is a signal. If somebody picks and then forwards to a voicemail or to an inbox that is a signal that should be used to train the people. And that, the moment you collect that and you present to them that we are watching your behavior here and this is not what we want, this is what we want, they will change because now they feel they are being measured and they have to feel that. Salespeople need that, you know. You have to follow up on them, you have to tell them, "This is the culture of my company, this is the spirit that we want to have, this is we want all of you guys to work together. If the customer calls and that belongs to this person and he is not there, treat them as if it was your own customer because sometimes you will not be here and he will help you." You know, I mean that type of environment should be promoted and uh recording every single thing is going to be proof of who is doing it right and who is doing it wrong and that has to be exposed. At least that's what I used to do and that's what I would always recommend. And of course, I don't know your sales environment, I don't know your people, I don't know the industry, I don't even know what Ana has discovered with the meetings, but hearing is—that's what I would do.
Speaker 2: And I'm not 100% sold or sure of how just how bad the incoming call volume is that them answering these random other calls that are non-sales related how terrible of a problem that really is, but if the sales calls handled better and smoothly and you know there's because there's times where like, yeah, we only had the phone ring three times today, it's not like we got this massive call volume where it's such a huge problem. So maybe by going to an automated AI uh answering system we're solving a problem that doesn't need to get solved, you know in a way.
Ana: Yeah, and I do want to jump in and say that it's um the core issue that we honed in on solving is not the AI receptionist. I'm calling these three things out as additional things we heard but explicitly these are things that sounded—and it looks like the read was right—like they should be lower priority. I think the higher priority from everything I've heard is that right now a small call is taking a lot of overhead with going into the CRM, updating the stage, setting the reminders, adding the notes, sending the follow-up to the client, sending the follow-up to the teams. And so that's what this build is focused on. Um. So—
Jay: No, I know I'm just kind of going off track. Everything else looks good, you know. Everything else makes sense, I think it'd be helpful, right guys?
Speaker 4: Oh I think you I think you continue down the path of, like you're saying Ana, not AI generated initially. That's not the problem. I think we have to determine if there is a problem like Shawn was saying, take the calls and as Juan has said give them the measurables and see who's picking up, who's not picking up. If the squeakiest wheel isn't picking up the lines, you've identified that. If it's five calls a day, what does that volume really? So I think I think we need to use this as the tool to get the measurables to really understand if we have a problem and then fix it.
Juan: As Ana was saying this is an additional discovery that was not in the scope of of Ana's and team work but it's an important one that I think opens a chapter here. Um. And I agree with Ana. The real burden comes when you get a call and all that process takes a long time and uh in the process it's very easy to lose details that are vital and that's what's being captured now automatically. But the new chapter, super valid, super important too.
Speaker 6: So with with what you're proposing here um okay, so it you showed that you can send it to the CRM. Do I have to be in this—can this be in the CRM so I open—I'm a salesperson I come in this morning and I open up Golden Eagle Vision Hub and my my AI tab opens and it's recording for me and then I see it right away underneath my customer because this is a customer I've already been dealing with and I'm Lucas and I'm ready selling this house or this is my new customer. Will this—do I have to open up two programs?
Ana: And the great thing is that the form factor is really up to however it's convenient for you guys, you know. I'm building this and my dad is building the CRM so we can easily port what we have here into the CRM. Right now they exist as two separate things, right? Because what my dad is building is—well I'll let him speak to it, right? But a very fleshed out system for the entire organization. What this is is a sales co-pilot, right? That has kind of the the listening, the automatic transcript, the automatic emailing, and so it's kind of this like action dashboard. Um. And so right now the build has been separate, but not to say that it can't be ported in. Yeah.
Juan: Uh I mean if you put me in touch with Ana, I would I think we can solve that issue.
(Laughter)
Shon: Even if it's a even if it's more of an assisted handoff back and forth where there's no logging in involved and whatever and it feels like it's the same environment too, it doesn't really matter too much but—
Speaker 3: And then I think—I'm sorry.
Speaker 7: I was just going to say if this this could be integrated similar to how we currently have our notes or conversation log in our CRM. That's how I would picture this being helpful per client. Um, this would be another window to open once you're in that client's CRM portal.
Speaker 4: Yep, totally.
Speaker 6: So yeah, so in the CRM there's the CRM project that's real that they're starting down the path to purchase call to cash. And then Juan's also building the leads and so how do we—I think we have to look at how we make this all function together so if it goes to leads or if it's going to the workplace, right? So that we get the notes and the data, so that would be identified by the name, correct? Or the email? Like the system's smart that it's going to put it in the correct place. And then I guess I'm just curious about like the reminders. I don't know um what they do, does each salesperson do a reminder schedule on their own however they like to or—
Speaker 2: Yeah, I think so, it's personal preference, anything they—
Juan: If we want to probably go technical, there are ways to uh have applications like extensions integrated into a platform. Of course, the platform has to allow that. In my case, that's something that I will certainly enable so that what Ana is building can be seen as a component of the whole. You don't have to log into two places. You don't have to switch to a different screen. You can be in the same environment and this may look just like another tab that you navigate to. And whenever a lead is created in that tab, that will automatically populate the leads in the other system or the other list if you will if we have another list. And that is done via APIs. So my system exposes some APIs, Ana's system exposes some APIs and they communicate behind the scenes and the look and feel for the user, the experience is also a mechanism by which that application is embedded inside this application. That is a common construct that can be perfectly handled so this doesn't even look like two different systems. They will look like one system. And the reason why um what Ana built is her expertise, you know. It doesn't mean that I probably could not do something like that as she most probably can do what I'm doing, but it's going to take me more time and and she's going to nail it faster and better than me. That's why she was able to build that and I will put it inside. And if we build this in the future, we can come up with additional extensions, additional apps that go into the main platform. For instance, and just to say something because I'm familiar with that, GPS tracking or, you know, who knows what? I I know GPS tracking is not relevant to you but just the example. You can see embedded a GPS tracking, a work field thing or any other thing that has an API exposed. We could eventually embed it here as part of your whole integrated system.
Chris: What Ana and I talked about yesterday was what I saw this being as more like your hot list, you know on CRM, right? Sure. And this might contain the last 30 days of who you've contacted. And then the CRM would feed your aging report to this, right? So you got people that are aged out 15 days or 30 days or 45, whatever, it would feed them to this list to say, "Hey you need to touch these five people." Or there's a follow-up, maybe there's the guy's on vacation and there's a to-do task in CRM and it's starting to age out, the guy's coming back from vacation, "Hey Lucas, sure you still need to get back to Bill on this topic," and it would feed this—this would be like your daily workload, you know.
Speaker 2: I like that.
Speaker 1: I like that.
Shon: I'd like to interject something here too just to make sure they're kind of looking downstream a little bit too. One of the challenges we had like when we were with the original CRM is we had a customer entity, CTN, that was that customer. But that customer might buy a second home or might be buying five, so you now have five projects under the same customer. So keep in mind that there might be a need for a one-to-many kind of scenario um because of the fact that one client could have multiple projects going on or five years down the road add a project, you know so that the notes about projects and things like that don't get intertwined.
Ana: I love that callout and I think that that's exactly where something like this—these project files—would would really shine, right? So imagine having a folder for, you know Home A, a folder for Home B, etc. And so these things are getting auto-populated, these notes every time that you have a new conversation. And so you can click in and see what's everything we know about Home 1, what's everything we know about Home 2. Um but yeah we can design this to be specifically like a one-to-many style relationship.
Speaker 2: Is that both on your side and and Juan's side as well, you know, with the—
Juan: Totally. Yeah no in my side that scenario in my side that scenario is covered. A project—many-to-many. The relationship here is many-to-many. A customer can have one or more, a project can be done by Ana and by me which in turn each one has a project in themselves, you know. So whatever mix you want uh is already considered. Yeah.
Speaker 2: Good deal.
Ana: So here what I would love to do is flip back to this presentation. There's a couple of other things that um I'd like to touch on and then we can kind of go back to any any lingering lingering discussion points. So there's there's one more thing that um that I built out for you guys while I was doing this work. So—so I was speaking with uh with Lucas and he mentioned that um you guys are interested in kind of building an army of realtors um to to kind of like have for for a program and to help your leads like actually find find land. And so the way that that's currently being done is like going into Google and finding people per state um to build this out, right? And some of the alternatives that you might consider for quickly finding, you know a ton of realtors and quickly reaching out to all of them are these existing tools like Apollo and ZoomInfo, but these are kind of overkill for something that's kind of just like a a short stint or like a small batch sort of search. So I want to show you guys something that um that I built out that I'll just give to you guys that I think might be helpful. So essentially um this is a custom-built pipeline that end-to-end what you're going to see to run costs less than $1. So over here we're going to write: Realtors in South Carolina. We heard the Carolinas were very popular. And what we're going to do is that we're going to run that by an API call at Exa, which is able to do something called a semantic search on the internet. So it's basically like search for AI. It's going to basically really intell—be really intelligent about let's find companies in South Carolina that are real estate companies um and so it can be better than Google at knowing these are the exact results that you wanted. It's like AI Google. The next step is that I run that through a scraper that actually visits all of these websites and finds their phone numbers really quickly. Then what we do is that we pass that through a an API called Hunter, which has a free trial that lets you find up to 50 people. So a little hack that I have going on because this is something I've used for myself is just use my free tier for month one and then when mine runs out use my co-founder's free tier. Um. So for small batches you really don't need to be paying $50 to an Apollo or even more to ZoomInfo. So then you can find their entire—like a a ton of people for each of these companies, their phones, their emails. Then we have another step that is an AI screening. So for each of these leads, is this person worth contacting or for example is this kind of just like a let's say like an admin uh like an executive assistant that we might not want to um enroll in an email list, right? We can say we just want to be reaching out to the realtors, the CEOs of these companies. So we go and we do a little hike—so Haiku is like the smallest um is a very like lightweight model, very low-cost LLM model that can determine this. And then finally you can run that through a really cheap email verifier. There's one that you pay $5 and it gives you 2,500 um emails worth of verification. So within a minute you can have, you know 50 people in South Carolina. And then what you can do is again there's a lot of things like Lemlist and Instantly where you can pay a whole lot. It's it's rather expensive for the plans um and I find like it can be kind of a little bit of overkill um and kind of like a lot of overhead to learn. So this also is less than a dollar to run. Just kind of a custom build is: All right, let's create a a sequence to to send them, right? So I'm just going to tell like my AI here, "Can you send an intro then wait a few days and follow up if they haven't replied," right? And so it's going to create this little email sequence over here. It can draft up the actual emails for you. So: "Hi I'm Lucas with Golden Eagle, this is what we do, I'm reaching out because our clients need to find the right land and you can like we can maybe work together on that." And so this can just connect with an Outlook API or any sort of like mail API or something called Resend and something that, you know would cost kind of these like large subscription fees can actually be accomplished for very very cheap um. So just kind of a little side thing that um that I thought might be helpful for you guys that I wanted to mention. Um. So happy to pause on this and and talk about whether that's kind of helpful. One other thing that I just to kind of get through the presentation and then open it up for any sort of discussion is um I wanted to give a quick platform recommendation for the team. Um. For company-wide AI um we recommend Claude Team for a couple of reasons. One is Claude is state-of-the-art um not just for writing, um it's it's better than ChatGPT but also for reasoning through real business questions. So I'll show you an example in a second of something I talked with Tammy about. Two is that I recommend Team instead of Enterprise. Um. I think Enterprise is is overkill um and uh Team actually will get you everything that you need for um for a smaller cost. And three and most excitingly about the Claude ecosystem is that it's recently now they just announced that it's able to plug into Microsoft 365. So that means that it can read your Outlook, it can read the SharePoint, your Excel um and so everything becomes something that Claude can search and reason over. So your entire company history becomes usable and um something that I'm happy to do is one-on-one training or small group training to do things like Claude inside of Excel um like what we showed you during the training of how you can quickly generate a Gantt chart just with a few prompts um. I'd be happy to run some sessions for whoever wants them. But to really show you kind of the power of what Claude can can do um I wanted to talk through one example. Um. During a conversation I had with Tammy, she mentioned a a question that the team had been having about the material contract payment structure, that it's currently like a 20-50-30 split and whether it should be the same for every contract or whether a different split might make sense. So that night I just opened up Claude and I gave it three instructions, right? I said um kind of some key things so number one if you give it a role like, "You're a McKinsey consultant," then say something like, "Give me a framework of how to think about this and generate a chart." And four minutes later it came back with something really cool, right? What it did is that it broke the problem into four quadrants um with customer risk on one axis on and contract size on another axis and it proposed differentiated splits, right? And so it says, you know for a small a low risk and a small contract—um and sorry about the numbers here, Claude didn't have accurate numbers—but, you know you might consider like a 15-15-35 split. But if it's high risk and a large contract then maybe like a 30-45-25 split might make the most sense, right? Because um over here like the exposure risk is is maximum, there's a lot of maybe like bank pre-approvals that are required, so kind of pulling pulling the amounts to be slightly heavier up front might kind of protect there. So um it's it's not, you know it's it's a tool that goes kind of beyond just like writing, right? It's really this strategic thinking partner for every decision, right? And so right now we're thinking about how can we help and automate on the sales side but I think that there's a lot that can be done kind of expanding even into like managerial questions and and things like that. So really quickly where we would go from here is we would start building if if what I showed you is something that the team is excited about. The process would look a lot like the work that you've already been doing with uh my dad on the CRM side. So I show you mockups like what I just showed you, we talk about them, we iterate, we get feedback like what we just got today, I've been taking notes, and then we build fast. We go, right? And so this the idea is to just build you something that's really tailored to your workflows, right? Um. And we're happy to help beyond sales, right? If we um continue down this path um would love to continue having conversations and help figure out, you know when it makes sense to build versus when to buy, right? And so I know in our first conversation um Jay mentioned that you're doubling down on YouTube and social content and uh yesterday uh Chelsea mentioned that she's evaluating tools like Buffer and Metricool, right? Um. And so those are exactly the sort of conversations where um I might be able to help because sometimes the answer really is, um you know pick the right off-the-shelf tool and it's kind of an evaluation, no need to reinvent. And sometimes the answer is build something custom for your workflows, right? Um. So that's also kind of things that um that we can take a look at moving forward. So um would love to go back to, you know any discussion, I can flip back to the mockups that I've been showing um or the uh realtor search that I showed you, would love to hear kind of what you're thinking and what lands and um, you know any reshuffling of prioritization. So back over to you on on any questions or comments.
Jay: Let me just—the real estate search, let me just give you a little more tip. You had you nailed it when you said the administrator maybe isn't the key person. Um. Here's the deal. Let's say let's say a real estate firm might have, you know 15 real—15 broker—brokers, right? Um. And the owner—there's the owner and there's these 15 workers that are selling out in the street. These 15 workers um if the house if the company starts out with a 6% commission, that poor guy that sold the house might end up with 1% or you know, it's depending on how many MLS's and all that stuff, right? So they really are at the bottom of, you know bottom of the food chain. Those are the people we're looking for because those are the ones that we're going to give them 2.5%, right? Um. And and then they don't have to share it with um the owner of the company. So we got to bypass the owner of the company somehow and we have to get to their personal their personal phone number. Um, and then get to those people that are hungry and not getting paid very well. And I think, you know, obviously the email thing works but I think if we could text them this information they would be more likely to look at it. But hey, I just want to give you a—because let’s say if you only gave it to the owner of the company, he’s not going to pass it on to anybody, he don’t care, you know what I mean? That’s how I feel about that. Did I explain that pretty good?
Ana: Um, that makes a lot of sense. Yeah. And so that’s—that’s where you could—that’s where you could take the AI layer that I demonstrated over here and say, hey, like, exactly the words you just said, right? Like, we want to get the people who are hungry, who are going to respond specifically to this sort of incentive, and that’s going to tell you who it makes sense to reach out to and who it doesn’t. And so you can imagine running this same flow across Colorado, like, Montana, Vermont, Maine, Pennsylvania, having something like—you know, having it scrape 1000 emails, pairing that down to the 300 who are the real targets, and then just auto sequencing. Yeah.
Jay: Okay, so let’s say maybe—you know, let’s say you train Chelsea how to do this just because she would do it, you know what I mean? If I—I know she’d get it done. And then what—maybe you can—maybe it takes you a few times to train her on three different states or whatever, but—and states are big, so maybe it’s really just, you know, counties or whatever, right?
Ana: Mm-hm.
Jay: Yeah. But, and then—and then she would—well, okay, here’s the next thing. This real estate person then calls in some day or texts or emails, then somebody’s—a salesperson’s going to get that, whoever is the most aggressive to pick up the phone again, right? So then we put that name in the CRM, the customer—let’s say the—the real estate person’s name and then the prospective customer goes into the CRM and if they’re—the customer’s not already in the CRM then we would, um, link that real estate person to a 2.5% commission whenever it would sell. Okay?
Ana: Yeah. Love it. Noted.
Unknown Speaker 1: So that’s how it kind of goes, okay?
Unknown Speaker: So taking that—so you could use this detailed data and get as deep into the real estate companies as Jay’s requesting, that we can actually run it here but feed the CRM with the details and the contact information and responses received or not, right? So you could potentially do that with your builders and real estate, and then ultimately assign it to a rep if that’s—you know, if it gets assigned to a sale with a rep, so it could become not tech—not necessarily part of the leads from a customer but leads from realtor, you know, leads from—what we currently have in our system is a referral tracking system and this is probably going to have to be part of the CRM so to speak because the fact that if we promise for somebody to get 2.5% of the sale or whatever, it needs a flag accounting letting them know that by the way, we owe this money to these people. And so, um, our old system has that in it, it’s something that I think you’re going to want to have in there because like, yeah, tracking realtors and customer referrals from one to the other, you know, other things.
Unknown Speaker 1: Everything—everything we’re talking about is good, uh, but we just—we don’t have hardly any names in the referral database, right, Sean? Totally. There’s nothing—not really because we haven’t had any success with getting these realtors on board yet, you know?
Unknown Speaker: They would have to send in and mention the person who would be calling first, correct?
Unknown Speaker 1: Yeah.
Unknown Speaker: Clearly that has to be tied in somehow.
Unknown Speaker 1: Right. They have to send us a name before they get listed anywhere.
Juan: If I—if I were going to implement this, I would suggest—and I don’t know, Jay, if this aligns with the whole idea, but how about when Ana sends an email or a text to one of these realtors, they have to reply back via email, via a phone call, or just a reply to that text? Why don’t we create a phone number and an email address specifically for this campaign that is an auto tracking immediately and we know this is coming through this channel and now I can attribute it to this strategy of realtors being, you know, engaged. And—and then after that, yeah, you can move them to a different channel if necessary, but that is the first reaction of the realtor and they land exactly on an inbox or a phone number that is answered by a specific person or we know, oh, it’s ringing the realtor’s number, there is a special protocol to handle that call, you know? That’s something that I did when I had my company because I had my brand but then I had other brands that competed with myself. I had different names of the same type of business with different platforms, different emails, different phone numbers and my sales guys had like five names each. So me, I was Juan but I was also Mark. So if I had a phone call via this one—this number, I was Mark, “Hey, this is Mark, and this is Realtrack, how can I help you?” “This is Juan, this is TSO, how can I help you?” You know? So that’s what I did. So basically, the idea is to attribute it properly and handle it as expected.
Unknown Speaker: Can there be a way where they still submit that separately and it can go to like a tracking board so that we can verify and it’s not just in—vis-a-vis in one place so that we can verify too?
Unknown Speaker 1: Yeah, there’s something there, I just got—we gotta think about it. You’re—okay, so you’re thinking we send out this—this batch of emails or texts let’s say, and then if when they call back, “I got the text, I’m interested.” Okay, good, you’re interested. Then—but they might not have a builder—but they might not have a name for a year like Chelsea’s saying to give us, you know, or two years, you know, of a potential customer.
Chelsea: Would you give like a link or something that they can hold onto so that they can submit the potential client information to when they have that, it could be a couple years down the road, but if they could have like a link of some sort and then it can automatically go onto a spreadsheet so that we can track it that the realtor recommended this client, if they build, then we have that on file.
Juan: But this is the type of sequence that Ana can build. For instance, the person responds, “Yes, I am interested.” We receive that. We automatically send back—we identify that there are no specifics. We route that entrant message through a path of the sequence saying, “Oh, great, that’s amazing. Do you have a customer—a particular customer right now, yes or no?” for instance. “No, I still don’t have it but I will be working on that.” Now that replies back and we receive that and that follows a different path. “Oh, okay, perfect. Anytime you need some training or whatever, contact me and I will help you with that.” For the person who says, “Yes, I do.” “Oh, fantastic. Do you want to register that person now, if so I can send you a link for that?” So all of those trees of events, decisions, and paths can be built by Ana’s tool so that it is properly handled and you don’t need a human in that loop at that point. All that can be automated.
Unknown Speaker 1: Okay.
Unknown Speaker: Very cool. I agree.
Unknown Speaker 1: Yeah, we’re getting close, okay. And this—so let’s just say you choose text versus an email.
Ana: Mm-hm.
Unknown Speaker 1: This all comes right from here? The text out from here, right? Like, dumb this down for me, I’m not...
Ana: Yeah, yeah. It would be—it would be similar. So I’ve done this with—with emails and emails have what’s called like an API endpoint to—to link into that. So in my conversations with Elevate to get those transcriptions in the system, that’s also a question I’ll ask, is just like, via Elevate do we have an API to programmatically send out texts? But, you know, this is a problem that’s been solved in the past, um, and—and can be figured out as well.
Juan: Yeah, true. No, we—actually Ana and I have a platform that communicates via text and WhatsApp and Telegram, so we have that nailed down. Uh, if we can do it through Elevate, great, if not, we know how to do it anyway.
Ana: Yeah, true. Separately. Yeah, we can have solutions.
Unknown Speaker 1: Yeah. Let me just—let me just paint this picture for you guys and for the people in the room here. So the real estate person gets the commission—the commission when they sell a house from their—their company, right? And that’s their company and all that. But what we’re doing here is just a personal thing where they don’t have to share the 2.5% because all they’re doing is giving a referral. So it’s really a great deal for them. I’m just trying to—trying to explain that too.
Unknown Speaker 2: More of a kickback.
Unknown Speaker 1: Yeah, yeah.
Unknown Speaker 2: Yeah.
Juan: So, um, yeah. And Jay, I—I think that that is that—that is an interesting idea. I have two ideas—two comments on that and one of those is the legality of that. Because many times when a realtor is, um, subscribed to a broker, they are supposed by law to drive all the deals through that broker. In this case, it’s a referral program, um, mainly, so but I still invite if you have a lawyer to pass the idea by them and each state has their own legislation around that, um, so it’s good to know if they—the broker can actually—I mean, the realtor can actually do that or if they are, you know, against the law.
Jay: Sure. A good idea, okay. We’ll check into that before we go any further.
Juan: Yeah. I think it’s important. Here in Florida, realtor law is oh my god, it’s like crazy.
Unknown Speaker 1: Yeah.
Juan: Yeah.
Unknown Speaker 1: Okay, good. Otherwise we do want to do the same thing with builders too.
Ana: Okay.
Unknown Speaker 1: And that’s a different game but yeah.
Ana: Okay. Perfect. The—the really cool thing is—is the new AI search that’s coming out, right? Because I mean, this thing of drill into specific counties or this thing of, you know, we specifically want to hit like the realtors who XYZ. These are the things that Google doesn’t handle very clearly, that now AI search handles really, really well.
Unknown Speaker 1: Oh.
Ana: Great. So...
Unknown Speaker 3: So the builders—if the builders are texting and sending things, will that be in the CRM under the transcript? Can that pull that there?
Ana: Um, sorry, is the question whether we can pull the trans—like pull the texts?
Unknown Speaker 3: Yes. Under that person’s name?
Ana: Yeah, yeah. The idea is we’ll be able to have this sort of timeline view that captures whether it was an in-person meeting, whether it was a video meeting, a phone call, an email, a text, everything just gets automatically transcribed and logged into the CRM. Yeah. So for whatever type of contact you’re having with builders, clients, realtors, etc.
Unknown Speaker 1: Cool. Good.
Ana: Uh, so yeah, would love to kind of hear, like any—any other thoughts. Where I would go from here, you guys can take the time to talk about this amongst yourselves and we would just start—start building this and go fast and kind of have another round of iteration where I’ll send out this mockup and have the team provide feedback. Um, there’s been a lot of really great things today that I can capture and, um, and send back. I practice what I preach so I have a transcription going in the background. Um, and—and just iterate and make this great for you guys.
Unknown Speaker 1: Good, thank you.
Ana: Lovely. Well, thank you guys very much, yeah.
Unknown Speaker 3: So when—when the salespeople are—when this is transcribing the calls, Ana, is it also doing a separate line that’s showing the key takeaways or to-dos? Like a list?
Ana: Totally. Yeah, absolutely. So it’s trying to summarize that, it may have to be edited, but... everything gets captured, right? So here you have like a summary of the conversation, any action items and key decisions that came out of it, and you can open up here more detail. Here are the key items that were talked about, the topics. Obviously here it’s a very kind of concise thing for—for the demo but you can prompt it to extract any details that will be helpful. Yeah. And then after the call, if you want to make this, you know, like more—give it more detail, you can always go into the AI copilot and say, “Hey, like extract like what we talked about the materials and the kitchen, right? And add that to our notes,” right? And it’ll automatically do that. Moving towards very AI-driven, very agentic. Yeah. Does that answer the question?
Unknown Speaker 3: Yes. And then—so it—so you referenced, you know, you start with the sales group and then like management to have access. Um, and it would be Claude Team. So is that something that everyone gets right away or how do you implement something like that?
Ana: Yeah. So Claude Team is something everyone should have, right? I think that the way—the way to move into this brave new world that we’re moving into is that anytime, anyone has a job now, the first question should be like, “How can AI help me with this?” To develop that muscle of AI can help me with anything at this point. So Claude Team, I recommend everyone get it. I recommend everyone has an account. Um, and that’s something that I can work like with Sean or, um, however you would like to help get that set up. But it’s just a per-seat model. Yeah. Dad, do you have anything to add to that, by the way?
Juan: How much—how much is it per seat? Roughly, Ana.
Ana: 25—25 dollars per user per month.
Juan: Yeah.
Ana: 25.
Juan: 25. Yeah.
Unknown Speaker 1: Okay, just asking, okay.
Juan: Now, uh, because I know it was—by...
Unknown Speaker 1: Yeah, go ahead.
Juan: Yeah, that’s for the Team’s, uh, the Team’s license. But maybe certain users, besides or in top of that Team’s license, might want to have a Max plan. But that’s something that Ana may discover if there are super users among you who should have a Max plan, which runs for—it starts at I think like 100 dollars or it goes to 200 dollars and it can go up. Um, and that basically provides more quotas in the usage of the system. But again, that is something that Ana can tell who might be candidate to have a Max plan. But for everybody, the Team’s at 25 per seat per month, that’s—that’s the price.
Jay: Right. There are some people here that do some powerful things that, you know, that maybe that would work for them, you know. Are the renderings or maybe plan—I’ve always dreamt of if—if you took three plans, three different floor plans that are similar maybe and told Claude, “Hey, make this thing look like—combine everything into one.” You know what I mean? I mean, there’s—there’s some stuff that we could probably brainstorm to use, right? I mean...
Ana: Totally.
Unknown Speaker 1: So anyway, yeah.
Ana: Would love to—would love to dig into, for example, kind of this use case of the floor plans and any other use cases, but it’s an extremely powerful tool. Yeah.
Unknown Speaker 1: Yeah.
Ana: Okay. Very good. Um, anybody...
Unknown Speaker 2: Yeah, any other questions or otherwise super great to meet with you.
Shon: One—one second here, I’m gonna throw a question to Jay and then we’re gonna involve you again. Should we be seeing if there’s a—the challenge we’re having with the renderings and stuff like that is the fact that you ask for a different—you give it a different prompt, it ruins everything you’ve got working so far and so on and so forth. Should they be looking at the process that they’re currently using and seeing if there’s a way that would potentially make that better?
Jay: Okay, so I think if we would—what if we—what if we bought some Claude to start playing with already but not for the salespeople but for my—maybe Sean and I and the rendering people. Um, I just don’t want to buy—if we’re going to buy a group of stuff, I guess—is that how you buy it, like a package of seats, um, or how’s that work? I mean...
Juan: Yeah, you buy minimum five. In Claude Team you buy minimum five seats.
Unknown Speaker 1: Okay.
Juan: And, uh, and then you can start adding. And this is a monthly commitment, uh, you can cancel it anytime, but if you want to make some savings you can pay them for a year and that will save you, you know, like 20%. But that’s basically it and you can grow it as you want.
Unknown Speaker 1: Yeah, is that maybe what Sean’s saying is maybe we buy a few powerful seats to play with, not for the salespeople but for the design team, yeah.
Tammy: So I think one—and Ana, if we purchase the Claude Team’s or, you know, buy the seats and we begin to use, you know, the sales group you’re developing this platform that will align with the CRM. And then like the example you had on, you know, changing up our contracts is excellent for management tool on how you prompt it, how you get to that, how you get that information. Um, so then within the CRM, we’re going through the whole process that includes the design, engineers, um, and the one area is selections, rendering, that we’re kind of going back and forth on which software, how to use it, what’s working best. And I know Juan, you’re saying within the CRM we’ll insert pieces of AI and I think what they’re saying is, is this potentially an area with rendering, do you see that with AI that it could take three different great rooms and provide you with detailed photos and, you know, realistic renderings? Is that something that, you know, we can be aware of as we’re building the CRM, um, to incorporate?
Juan: I don’t know, Tammy, uh, because I—I really have never used Claude to do graphic design, to do renderings. I use it for other purposes. The times I have used a model to do some graphic, including small eight-second videos, I have always used Google Flow. Uh, and Gemini and Nano Banana seems to be right now the state of the art in this type of things. That’s a different model from a different vendor, Google, that has really excelled at doing that. For intelligence, for planning and making decisions or helping you trouble—troubleshoot or brainstorm, Anthropic with the Claude series. For writing, I like Anthropic, but I also use OpenAI. For rendering, Google has it.
Ana: Personally I never use OpenAI.
Juan: Huh?
Ana: Personally Claude for writing as well, but...
Juan: Yeah, okay, yeah. I use it but... but image...
Ana: But image I agree, I agree that image...
Juan: For rendering, Google—Google is by, you know, they are the winners right now. However...
Tammy: So we might not be there yet with rendering.
Juan: We have to test it because you’re talking about when you understand what AI—what these models are, they are really—they are called AI and the I for Intelligence, but they are the super dumbest algorithms in the world, okay? For real. And I know it because I have programmed them from scratch, so I know how they work. And this is just predicting the next token. And for rendering is basically the same thing. So you can tell it to—you can give it the perfect specifications of a rendering and you have to be perfect on that, you know, and still you want a table with four legs and it can come up with a table with five legs. So it’s a matter of testing it. And for that, my invitation, which is the same thing I said on our first meeting, is your company has to really start playing with these models in every single function that you do until you learn how to get the best out of them. That’s one thing. And the other thing is expect changes because every time, every six months, these companies are releasing more powerful models. And one thing that you will learn is that the model that you were losing—I mean you were using starts to be dumb. Like for instance, Opus 4.6, the best model of Anthropic, I have been reading a lot of complaints of people saying it’s becoming dumb. But on the other token, they are releasing a new model which they say is so powerful that before they release it to the masses, they have released it like to 40 companies in the world to test it and to do things and to learn how to control that monster, because it comes... and let me tell you more. This is changing everything. OpenAI just last week released a paper which is a proposal of a change of policy, social policy in the United States, on how to handle income for people because they also say their next model will cause a lot of unemployment. So these things are changing at the speed of light. The best thing that you all can do is get deep into this as fast as possible on every function, learn to play with that because if you don’t, others will and they will replace those who don’t. So...
Unknown Speaker 3: Okay.
Tammy: So the investment is in Claude and then the communication with staff is to use Claude, not ChatGPT.
Juan: Yeah. And Ana can guide them each one of them because there is a learning curve and you don’t want to spend three or six months in that, with Ana you can accelerate that to weeks because there is—there are tips and tricks, there are ways to think better when talking to a model and that takes time to be learned, okay? So that can be accelerated. That’s one advice. And the other thing is really, for 30 people you’re talking about what, less than 100 dollars—1000 dollars a month for—for a power that you cannot understand how big that is. It’s amazing but yet they are dumb so you have to really know how to manage this tool.
Ana: Well said.
Tammy: Okay, so the investment in Claude. And then I think the other thing, Ana, we can have separate conversation with Jay, but I’m assuming—is there a pricing structure with what you’re developing that’s separate or is it part of Juan’s? I guess we’re not sure.
Juan: I—she left home a few years ago, she’s on her own.
Ana: Yeah, so that’s—that’s something that I think I’d like to talk a little bit about whether it’s going to be a subscription model or I know that a lot of the things are hosted like on the Golden Eagle servers and so if it’s kind of more of a like sell, um, it would—it would be kind of a different model. So that’s still something a little bit to work out. What I’d love to do is send you guys, kind of similar to how my dad is, a mockup that you guys can play with and give any feedback, we settle on what the scope is, what are the things that you guys really want, and continue the pricing conversation from there maybe next week.
Unknown Speaker 3: Okay, that’s fine.
Ana: Okay.
Unknown Speaker 1: Very good.
Ana: Thanks a lot.
Unknown Speaker 1: Thank you very much. Thank y’all very much.
Ana: Have a nice weekend.
Unknown Speaker 1: Bye bye.
Juan: Thank you.