Anna: Hey Lucas!

Lucas: Hey Anna, how are you?

Anna: Good, how’s it going?

Lucas: Oh, good. Busy, busy times, but good.

Anna: Cool. Well, I appreciate you jumping on, kind of ad hoc. You gave us some really, really great ideas, and so I wanted to kind of show you what we have and talk about a couple of things I’m adding ahead of tomorrow and get any input.

Lucas: Great.

Anna: So, to just dive right in, I’d love to kind of frame up what we heard over all of our calls and how we’re hoping to address those, and then I’ll share screen and show you what we have. So over the calls that we had, a couple of things that became really clear is, number one, that after every call, right, there’s a lot of busy work that comes up. Right? You have to input all of these notes into the CRM. There’s a lot of details that you might miss past, you know, the key three to four main things. Besides kind of adding those notes, then, you know, you’re kind of staying on top of making sure you’re setting the reminders. Right? So you’ve got all the notes input, you’ve got making sure like the reminders are in place, and you’ve got to go and send the follow-up emails, right? And here kind of I heard that at one point it was considered to use like some templates, but then that those were kind of sounding kind of generic to the customer, and then the move was like, "Hey no, we need to make sure these are all personalized." So you’ve got those follow-ups, then not only do you have to message the client, but then you might also have all these follow-up actions to communicate with the selections team, with, you know, the—I don't know, Log Homemart, you know, your other teams and pricing team. And yeah, and then besides that kind of after some calls you might need to like update, let's say, the stage on the CRM. So there’s like a lot that has to happen after a call, right, that takes a ton of time. And so those are kind of the main things that we like aim to address is like how can we drastically cut down the amount of time that each call is taking? Right? Then kind of on top of—that's all post-call, right? So you have the call, then the notes, the reminders, update the stage, send a follow-up to the client, send notes to the team. So how can we address those? And then kind of the—around that is like before the meeting itself, right? It’s like you’re having to refresh yourself on all the information of the client. You’re going in, you’re looking at the notes. You have 85 people that are not still qualified, but like when you touch base you have to go and remember details about them. So those are all things that we wanted to like capture as well. So I’m going to show you that, and then you had a couple of notes on things like maintaining a list of the YouTube home tour videos as reference and kind of generating like FAQ responses. And then you called out some of the things that I just said, like creating a task list from those conversations. So let me start sharing screen here to show you.

Okay, so imagine here you like just you log in, right? You go ahead, and over here—actually I’m going to go to groups V2. This is just a mockup for now. And so here you—let's say that you have like all of your active leads. And so let's say that you just had a call, right, and all of the calls are going to be recorded here in the system. Right? And so let's say for this person Mark, right? Every call you have, every email, every text is all going to get logged into the system. And here you have a quick AI summary of everything that has happened over time. So let's say that you just had this call, right? So let's see what happens, right? That gets recorded. You have the full transcript of the conversation—this is when you click into the client view—and we’re going to get a couple of things. At the top we’re going to have what were—like what's the summary, what were some of the key decisions and action items? All of this can be edited, right, because like with AI like we can just refine what is important to see at the top, but let's say key decisions and action items. And here we’re going to have—so number one this takes care of the notes, right? Like this is taking all the notes and all of that can be refined. So let's say like even personal things, right? Like Mark's daughter has a horse show in Madison, right? Things that you should remember about the client. And then not only are we taking notes for each individual call you have, but also we can generate these—oh, sorry, it looks like this is breaking. For each individual like person that you should be on top of for this particular client deal, we can have a note that self-updates based on every call. So you can just say what was the thing about Mark or like maybe you have a file here about the kitchen, what's everything we’ve talked about the kitchen, this updates here, right? And you have the auto-suggested reminder, so all you have to do after a call is be like, "Yep, that looks good. Let's set that reminder." "Yep, you’re right, I should update the stage. Update the stage." Right? So you’re just clicking accept. Right? Accept, accept, accept to the actions you should take. And then you have your automatic follow-up emails, right? And so any follow-up to the client, you can come in, edit, tweak, whatever. You can even maybe have a cute little call recap here of "from our call today, here are the key things that we talked about" and tweak it, send it. Right? And so what we’re taking care of is notes are automatic, reminders you should set, it's just an accept, accept, accept. Any emails, it's just here it is already, you can just go in and tweak and send, right? And so then the other note here is not only can we think about the emails to the client, but like as I’m mentioning like there’s also these follow-ups to the team. You can have those as well. And on that note, right, here it still looks a little bit messy, so let me just talk through what these kind of templates are—I need to clean this up a little bit—but imagine here like let's say that you want like a YouTube soft touch to one of your clients, right? What we’re going to do is have all of our references here inline and a little description of what it is, right? And so the trigger is, let's say like in a conversation you mentioned certain keywords in the transcript, then—or the AI just understands like it’s time to take this action, send this type of email—and you already have the template. This is what we generally like to say in the email, the points to hit, some of the videos to add inline, and with this kind of set of rules, if that's triggered in that conversation, it’s going to populate that sample email. Does that kind of make sense? You’re generating these templates, but it’s all trained on your voice. Yeah.

Lucas: Yeah. And then the—the templates I’m sure learn over time and just get—yeah, yeah that makes sense. That’s cool.

Anna: Yeah, exactly. So these are some of the things that we’re looking at doing, right? And then the idea would be also before any meeting, like you can just get a really brief overview of—sorry, let me make sure that this is the right version. You can get an overview of, you know, who this person is, like what's that AI summary, and you know, depending on what's helpful, we can even get like a pre-call brief, a post-call brief sent to your email. "Hey, this is the call you just had, blah blah blah," or like pre-brief "here’s what you need to know before your upcoming call, the points to hit." So that’s kind of what we’re leading toward. I know that that’s a ton, so let me just pause here and I would love kind of any input you have. We still have like time to change this like before tomorrow here what's priority. And then, you know, when we get into it, obviously there’s going to be a lot of room to iterate. But how is this looking just off the bat?

Lucas: Good so far. Um, you know, the even the last page that you were on with the briefing—like currently how our phone is set up is a little page with a popup showing that phone number, and if it’s referencing to our system we can look it up by that ID number, and then so we could almost—we’re like screening that call. So I’ve got access to open that file as I’m picking the phone up and then it’s like, "Oh yeah, I totally remember talking to you eight months ago." So something like that if we could implement just a quicker way to access that information, that would be super. But yeah, the—that I liked what I saw. The YouTube, you know, that file storage with a brief—you know, that I think is going to be super helpful. I am in the middle of writing an email right now where I’m doing that and I’m searching through past homes looking for a certain feature so I can share a photo, and it’s just super time-consuming, and so that’ll be a huge help. But and above that, I mean getting into like post-call and getting through the the process with the client, I mean there’s a huge amount of information to share with you on that process and I think what we’re doing with your dad some of the information that we’re gathering I think will help you with that process, so I’m glad that some of the others were talking about that and that’s, hopefully it’s not too overwhelming for for the systems but—

Anna: No, the the more information the better. What what would you say is kind of—it sounds like there’s something there that might be helpful to this build. Yeah, can can you share kind of like what’s the—the top line there?

Lucas: As far as what I just said on helping you with a timeline or process?

Anna: Or yeah, like is there—is there kind of any anything kind of that's not being considered here that would would be helpful?

Lucas: Um, just what you mentioned on when when and who to contact in that part of the process. So more or less giving you an overview of when those conversations take place as you go through the sale. So nothing you know nothing earth-shattering or that you’re missing here you know if if the conversation was had then you’ve got an idea that it needs to happen and then we just need to put in the details on the timeline for when it needs to happen.

Anna: Yeah, exactly. So the the idea of the templates is pretty cool because let's see, yeah that's my bad because this is all just like mocking up. So the idea is write a brief casual email to etc., like include the video link, but all of this will be based on the transcript, right? And so everything gets tailored to the specific conversation. So the other thing is here we’ll have an AI co-pilot that knows everything that's ever been done with this client, and so you can say like, "When’s the last time that we talked about the kitchen?" or you know like "Please like show me the conversations where we talked about like the layout, etc." So—

Lucas: Question on that. Yeah, go ahead. With the co-pilot, let's say is is this going to be linked to our Outlook and phone or are we going to need—is it going to rely on us for feeding the information to it?

Anna: The hope is full connection. The good thing is we’re working with Elevate to make sure that all those calls can just be directly brought into the system and transcribed. And we’ll do like Outlook connection so that captures email. I’m still looking into like any texts back and forth and I know for example like Log Homemart I heard maybe has like some texting back and forth. But yeah, so the the idea is for all of that to just be as automatic as possible. Yeah.

Lucas: Awesome. Yeah that would be—that would be a dream. Text I don't maybe the other maybe the other sales guys have a different point of view. Texting I would say is a lot less common for clients anyway, but it’s more on a builder end. Would still be super helpful in the long run but—

Anna: Um, okay cool. So what other what other question here—so is there anything from maybe like what we discussed last time or kind of your like wishlist that is is still not captured here? I mean you you sent me like the the docs, right, and some of it is like gathering contact info for for realtors and other industry professionals. Right now our scope is just kind of like a sales co-pilot. So so yeah, anything in in that realm that you would still like to see here or anything that you didn't like what you saw that can change?

Lucas: Um, I think everything that you showed me is, you know, definitely on. It’s, you know, if we can I think as we continue to use it we’re just going to learn as we, you know, continue down the path. I mean I I can’t think of anything off the top of my head that’s missing necessarily. I’m just looking at my notes. Would the you know reaching out to on the web or wherever finding these professionals or realtors, is that something that is or is not in that scope?

Anna: Probably would not be in this scope, right? So I wanted to call that out as something that, you know, might be might be separate, but you know some of these things like maybe you have a better view than I do and you’re like "actually this fits perfectly like in this world because of XYZ," right? So I want to make sure I’m not, you know, having any blind spots, um, yeah.

Lucas: Um, yeah whether it’s I mean it could be a separate entity from what we’re looking at for this sales portion, but if do you think that's something that could be a reality of capturing that information in some other form?

Anna: Yeah, definitely. I mean the there there’s like a lot of like AI search tools that are coming up, and so for that it’s kind of a question of whether what exists out there might be sufficient or whether like a little custom build would be helpful. But yeah, just to talk about that a little more, yeah, like can you can you just like give me a recap again of like what what the vision is there, what the hope is?

Lucas: Yes, so currently how we generate sales is we by our marketing we’re customers are calling us. We have a database of builders across the country that we can provide the information to these clients so they can have their homes built. Um, but the more homes that we sell the more tied up these builders are, so the more builders we want to have and in different areas. So that’s the biggest struggle is having an available contact in all these parts of the country um so we can provide information to these clients. Um, also beyond that we are offering a referral program, so let's say a realtor finds somebody that’s qualified looking for something that we do, they send a that person here and they build with us. Um, we kick a referral to that realtor. So the idea would be to create this army of realtors, of builders, of you know any industry professional that is able to qualify these people and send them our way and generate business, we’re going to give them a reward for doing that. Um, so the goal would be to have this massive nationwide army that you know maybe boost our sales by 25%, you know that that would be awesome, um but it’s hard to connect with these people. Um, a lot of times they’re probably screening your call, putting you thinking you’re spam or or however that is. Um, so if if we could unlock the ticket on how to get in touch with these people, um that would be a gold mine.

Anna: How how are you currently trying to find new people and getting them to listen to you? What's the success version and the failure version and what takes time?

Lucas: Um, I mean it’s something that we’ve more recently started actively you know searching for these people and presenting the referral. Um, so low success rate so far. Um, but my personal experience I’m doing a quick Google search, um I found contacts as I’m talking with a client and looking on Google Maps at their property and then I notice you know a realtor's name pops up in that city and I’ll call them. Um, but the trouble is getting you know through to them to to prove the the value to them. Um, so I think as time goes on you know maybe we refine our sales pitch to them or they become more aware of who we are and what we do and then that’ll start to snowball.

Anna: Cool. Got it. That makes sense. And do you have any priority states or regions? Or just it would be great to kind of have all around, but if it was like the Pacific Northwest, you know, or kind of, you know—

Lucas: All around. So I will say we don't do business in California. Um, but otherwise like the Carolinas and mountainous areas are very popular, um you know Colorado, Wyoming, Montana, but really it’s there’s no rhyme or reason every year what states we sell in. Um, you know we could be in Vermont um one year and then the next year that region would be hot in um you know maybe Maine or Pennsylvania. Um, Carolinas have been hot for the last handful of years steadily. Um, so mountainous areas, um you know places with great views basically.

Anna: Yeah, totally. Got it. Super interesting. Kind of what's coming to mind is so I actually built this pipeline for for another company that was looking for fleets—so and in particular for example like like agricultural fleets of trucks right because they were kind of selling GPS devices—and essentially were able to, step one, define what it is we’re looking for, so like fleets in X state, right, and like how many of those do you want to find. Then we’re going to pass that to certain services that are like Google but for AI, right? And so they go and they find a ton of people who might fit the bill, and the cool thing is there are some of these that only charge you when they find you know someone that fits the bill. So they do this really great search. Then the next step is um you can automatically go into their domain—so just the links that were found—and scrape their emails to see if you can find all of their phone numbers and emails listed on that site. So you’re automatically getting all this data just with a click of button. So I want to find you know realtors in Montana. Okay. So step one you get like this kind of AI search thing and it’s like "here are some people that might qualify." Step two you scrape their site for any email, you scrape their site for any phone number. Step three if there’s any that we missed, we can run them through something like an Apollo or a Hunter, um which is kind of these email finders, and it’s like "that one does cost money this step usually but okay here’s like all of of their emails." And then what we can do is create these like automatic sequences, right? And so we’re going to hit them through email, we’re going to hit them like maybe through LinkedIn or something like this and kind of have this cadence and these set of rules, right? And so I know that there’s like a lot of email sequencers out there, um but you know if we’re hoping to save on money, email sequencers is something that I’ve built in the past as well. So that could be kind of cool, right, where it’s kind of like you say realtors in Montana and all this flow kind of happens automatically for you and you just kind of preview in a dashboard and just monitor like if people are biting or not. Um, does that sound like something that could help?

Lucas: I think so. Um, that’s interesting. We could easily put together a list of states by what we think is popularity because obviously there’s going to be some heavy hitters and you know lower fruit that you know might not be as as important. Um, but yeah I think any way that we can help kickstart um that whole army like I said is I think worth worth that investment and um you know I’m pretty confident that J and the others would agree.

Anna: Cool. I can I can maybe put together a little sample of what that looks like. Um, if I were to prioritize like a couple of places, you want to do like Carolinas, um Colorado, Montana, sort of deal? Or—

Lucas: Yeah. Yeah, I would say so, yep.

Anna: Okay, cool. I’ll put I’ll put together a little preview so you can see kind of like what that looks like and I’ll email you.

Lucas: Okay. Yeah, that would be awesome.

Anna: Um, cool. So yeah, this is super helpful. Thanks for for taking a look at that. Um, and so tomorrow is just going to be kind of running through this with the team and getting kind of the initial conversation of does this look good, kind of a brainstorming session, and then hopefully get started on a build.

Lucas: Okay. It’s all exciting. It’s you know we’re we’re on a good thing, so we’re happy to be connected with you guys and um happy to see what you can do.

Anna: Awesome. Well, thanks so much Lucas. Talk soon then.

Lucas: Yeah, we’ll see you tomorrow. Yep.

Anna: Bye.

Lucas: Bye.