Daniel: Hey Lucas, how’s it going?
Lucas: Hey Daniel, Anna. How are you guys?
Daniel: Good. How’s it going? Is this your office?
Lucas: Yes, it is. Yeah.
Daniel: Is it a showroom? That looks—that looks very cool.
Lucas: Yes, it’s one of—I think one of the more sought-after offices here. Um, I just moved in. We had our—one of our sales guys retired, and um, it was up for grabs, so—
Daniel: Nice.
Lucas: Um, yeah. Definitely where—I—my office is in a a home. It’s a model home on-site, so um, takes a—definitely takes a corporate feeling out of coming to work.
Daniel: Hmm. Yeah, totally. Well, thanks—thanks for hopping on. Um, I know we’ve had a few emails go back and forth, and we had our meeting on Friday. And so, just to kick off, let me give you some additional context, and then I’ll give you an agenda for kind of what we want to talk through. So, Anna and I um are now engaged by Golden Eagle. We’re, you know, priority one is basically like a sales module where we kind of go in and figure out, okay, like, here’s what works really well, here are the manual processes, here are some things that maybe we could automate or introduce um some helpful process to, or create templates for. And so part of that work is just spending a week talking to everyone who touches the sales process and figuring out, like, what does the day-to-day look like? What’s useful to change? What needs to be kept the same? You know, no one wants another tool, you know, honestly, and a lot of things that we generally hear about are um honestly more about connecting the right wires, especially with client relationships, because we want those to be kept pretty paramount. And so, you know, this call, the goal is really just to understand your day-to-day, the systems you touch, what you interact with, and just—probably there are things that you’ve thought about that you’ve been wanting to change or at least verbalize for a while. And so our goal is to talk to everyone, bubble those up into some recommendations, and then implement them over the next few weeks. Um, other than that, we work with AI a lot. We’re going to be doing a couple of trainings next week to enable the team just—like what the current state looks like. And so at the end of the call, you know, we’ll—we’ll just ask for your take on what you’d like to see in that um because we want to tailor it to what pe—what people need. Um, does that make sense overall?
Lucas: Yeah. Yeah, I think so. Um, and I’ve—I mean, I’ve been in on the other meetings um as far as all of the happenings company-wide, um and I’m excited about it. I think it’s a great step in the right direction for us. Um, to give you some history, I—I’m—I’ve been here at Golden Eagle for about eighteen years. I’ve been through um about seventy percent of the departments um for two to three years. So I have some um foundational knowledge of each part of the process um from the time that I was in there. And now currently being in in sales, um you know, it’s—I have a lot of good ideas, I think, um but as far as what I need in sales currently, um I think that’s the main focus right now. And we’ll let the other—you’ll learn from the departments what they need as they’re, you know, in there day-to-day. But—
Anna: Nonetheless, would—would love to hear—would love to hear those, too. I—I believe everything kind of flows into each other, right? And so it’s helpful to get the full vision and from someone who has the cross-departmental view.
Lucas: Yeah. So I mean, it’s—yeah, it’s all interconnected in some way. We all communicate um together for an end goal. Um, and that’s kind of what we’re trying—that’s what our goal is, to clean that process up, clean those communications up, um and therefore we’re going to have a more efficient flow um through the process of us completing a home sale.
Daniel: Awesome. Well, we have—we have a few questions that maybe will help tease some of those out. And, you know, typically we just like to start with what is the day-to-day? You like log in on Monday, are you clicking into your voicemail, your texts, your emails, your CRM? Like, what does that look like for you and um just like a typical day in the life?
Lucas: Yeah. So um let’s say, for instance, my cell phone is connected to our work phones, so I have access to our texting capabilities from the work phone and email also. Um, so I have an idea coming in Monday. I have an idea of what’s come in over the weekend and um more or less a mental checklist in my head of what to expect when I get to the computer on what um emails I need to respond to first um and so on in that regard. Um, but it could be responding to voicemails, text messages, and emails um as far as setting a priority to them. I—I don’t have any system in place that um, you know, sets a schedule like that or other than me manually flagging something and um I’ve got a mental note of where each we—where the progress is for each of those um tasks. Um, and then I’m relying on our CRM notes that I’ve entered, um and that’s going to help me decide, you know, which—which one’s the hottest that I need to take care of rather than um, you know, which—which one came in first. Um, so clearing out emails, um answering questions, taking care of things—that’s kind of starting the week. Um, in the meantime, the phone rings. That’s how new business is coming in. So, um, you know, picking up the phone. So there’s a lot of interruptions throughout your daily tasks.
Daniel: Mm. So they're—they’re calling you, not a receptionist or like a central line?
Lucas: Correct.
Daniel: Okay. Yep.
Lucas: Yep. And I guess it’s important to note—I’m sure the other guys will tell you this, too—that we’re almost the receptionist um because we also have our Log Home Mart department, which handles things at a retail level to the general public, um and then we also have a builder hotline. Um, so if somebody calls in our main number, my phone’s ringing rather than that certain department. Um, so we’re acting as a receptionist transferring calls um for a high percentage of the calls, I would say, are not sales-related.
Daniel: Hmm. And is that something that is like a recognized concern, or is that just how the world works right now?
Lucas: It’s recognized. Um, it’s also how the world works. Um, in the last year, let’s say, we’ve—we switched our—our phone providers to what we currently have. So I don’t know if there’s a—if all those builders, let’s say, had an extension in their phone that no longer is relevant and that information hasn’t gotten shared? I don’t know what the—what the inefficiency is or why—why it’s changed to that or if it has changed, um because I’ve been in sales now for let’s call it the better part of a a year and a half. Um, and in that time, the phones—I was new as the new phones were getting updated, um where I wasn’t seeing the daily mainline phone calls coming in prior to that.
Daniel: Got it.
Lucas: Um, yeah. So, lot of interruptions with the phone. Um, I guess to carry on with that: pick up a sales call, um it’s my job to qualify them to determine, do I—is—is my time worthwhile to answer your questions? Or how can I quickly answer your question and, you know, does that lead to more questions or do I answer your question and realize that you’re going a different direction? Um, in that, I’m using, you know, general knowledge, because a lot of the times the questions are similar. Um, so I think that’s something that could be useful to—for us to jot down: these like questions, the frequently asked questions, um because I could see the AI tool being helpful in that regard, generating, you know, your—your most common responses. Um, but in line with that, I’m directing them to the website, and I’m using the website for a reference um based on floor plans. Um, let’s say ninety percent of these people that are calling have watched one of our home tours on YouTube, and the names on YouTube or the reference to that home on YouTube might not be directly in line with what we name it on the website. So that’s part of the conversation is dissecting what they’re telling me to figure out what home they’re actually talking about. Um, so that can be—there can be some disconnect there sometimes. Um, but ultimately say answer their questions, um they turn out to be—seem to be a qualified lead, exchange contact information, and um typically it’s a follow-up email um, you know, following up with them, thanking them for their interest and connecting with us. Um, typically sharing a link or two from our website, um just backing up the information that we discussed. And then commonly sharing some information based on what they asked, um whether it be a particular set of plans that they’re interested in. Um, and beyond that, maybe a a less detailed, "Here’s a cost from the website," or a more detailed, filling out a full formal ballpark and getting to that stage with them. So that can be—getting to the point of ballpark can be, you know, it’s different for everyone. Everyone’s just got different timelines, um so it’s all relative to that person of what information gets shared. If that makes sense?
Anna: Mm-hmm.
Daniel: How much of that work is templatized? Like, do you have a Google Doc with just, "Here’s my kind of top ten emails I’m typically sending," or is are you writing everything yourself?
Lucas: Um, me personally, I’m writing everything um just because it’s—I mean, it gives that personal touch, I suppose. Um, I’m not saying that I wouldn’t appreciate having something I can grab and um easily do that. If I had more time and energy, I probably would do that myself, um but no, it’s all I’m writing off what comes off my head based on my notes from the conversation and um, yeah.
Daniel: Yeah. I used to—I used to work in leasing, and so like there’d be some days where I had two hundred people querying me and I I didn’t have any time. And then other days where it was like five and I had a lot of time. Um, typically, are you being bottlenecked by like your ability to talk to a lot of leads or is—is that not the case?
Lucas: Um, ultimately I would say yes. Um, just by nature, I could be more organized. So I would say if I had—I mean, that’s what I’m picturing what we’re doing here being so great to one, take off my mental load and stress load, um giving me more energy to um attack more more calls and more answers and maybe more follow-ups, definitely. Um, as much as you don’t don’t like to admit that, but yeah.
Anna: No, I and—I think that’s exactly, you know, what I’d love to like double-click into, right? Um, I can share a little bit of like initial thoughts we’re having, but like if you have like any ideas of what can take that mental load off, right? Like, what are these like like magic wand wishes of what a system could help with?
Lucas: Yeah. And I think, I mean, I’ll definitely make a note on that. I think having the, you know, predetermined responses would be huge. Um, and then, you know, obviously critique and um customize to make it feel more personable to that—to that particular person. Um, yeah. I mean,
Anna: Mm-hmm.
Lucas: Yeah. Let me put some thought to that and maybe get you a list. I think that would be the best way to do it—get you that information.
Anna: Yeah. Yeah, that would be very helpful.
Daniel: Yeah, we can give you a couple days, follow up on it. Um, from a sales philosophy perspective, do you feel like you’re trying to develop pretty deep relationships with like a small number of prospects, or is it like, "Hey, I have—I have three hundred people and so I can’t—I can’t necessarily know everybody’s, you know, daughter’s first name," but—
Lucas: Yeah. And I mean, yes, you try to have that great memory for everyone, but um I mean, in a follow-up list, I don’t know what the other guys are at, but me being new, I probably have let’s just say a hundred contacts that I’m going through an aging report, um setting reminders and following up on. Um, so I guess I could answer that in two ways. It’s: out of those hundred, maybe twenty-five percent of them are more hot than the others, where I’m touching them more frequently. So they’re going to be more fresh in my head. Um, where I might have somebody else that says, "No, we’re still two years out," and I touch them every six months or something. Um, so I’m going to have a a less detailed memory of them, but at least I—when their name pops up, I go, "Okay, I know that name. I know—" and then I’m able to quickly reference their file in the CRM and pull that information out. Totally.
Daniel: Not three hundred, but a hundred or so, you know, give or take. And then and then so like let’s say you’re in that hundred, maybe two hundred lead range and you’re kind of setting follow-ups and doing that day-to-day. Um, how many of those will close? And kind of what milestones are you driving people toward through your sales process?
Lucas: So the the first first milestone I would say is to obviously qualify them on, you know, getting that—getting that total budget number out in front of them. Um, typically they’re—most most people are going to require some time to soak that in, that reality in, um because typically it’s a price, you know, it’s sticker shock for them. Um, getting beyond that is, you know, ultimately getting a a formal ballpark to them. Um, the next step would be getting that commitment from them to share their property information, um share all those those land-specific and um job-specific details that we need and ultimately getting to that signed design service agreement with the payment. Um, so that’s, you know, that’s the first milestone is to, you know, get them in the door um and get that design started with that. Um, and then follow—you know, from there the next milestone would be getting them here to choose product, you know, get their plans done and choose products. Um, but in getting in between those two milestones, a lot of it is relied on that client getting back to us. Um, you know, they’re busy in their daily lives, they’re on vacation. Um, so we can be as efficient as we, you know, want to be and get everything out the door, um but ultimately when it’s in their hands, um we can’t control how quickly that turns around.
Daniel: Do you mind if I just get a little more specific? So, like, let’s say there’s a hundred leads you talk to Jan 1st and you try and get as many qualified as possible. Like, how many people are qualified in your pipeline? How many are falling out? What are the reasons why they’re not qualified?
Lucas: Sure. So, um let’s just say I’ll set a reminder for somebody who seems to be hot—they’re telling me all the right things, they have, you know, their—they’re motivated to get started, they want to get started as soon as possible, they have the property already, the budget’s there. Um, you know, I’ll be following up with them within a week and, you know, getting the information from them if I don’t hear from them—that’s typically my window is a week follow-up. Um, somebody who might be a month or three months would be somebody who um has the property, they’re—they’re not quite sure on what their wants or needs are, or they’re telling me things that, you know, they’re not quite ready, but they’re—they want to get started maybe in the next year. Um, those are people that I’ll touch a little less frequently, but still, you know, within the month or so. Um, and then beyond that is people who maybe don’t have property, um they’re interested in us, we’ve discussed some type of budget based on what they told us, but um, you know, until they have the property we won’t fully know, you know, if their—if their budget is realistic or if it’ll work on their property. And those people you might be touching more in the the three-month range, um you know, poking them just seeing how things are going and—
Daniel: Do you ever help them find property, or are you like, "Hey, come back when you get a piece of land"?
Lucas: Yeah, pretty much. I mean, it’s if I know of a local realtor, um you know, we’re growing that professional database that we have so we can provide that information. So over time that would be the ideal to say, "Hey, this realtor I know of is in your location. Um, let me get you their contact." Um, but right now no, it’s we—you know, the—our response is almost, "We’re not a realtor. Um, call me when you have land."
Daniel: Yeah, you kind of want to focus on the people who are ready. And so
Lucas: Right.
Daniel: you know, let let’s say somebody—they have a piece of land, they have ten acres, it’s in Minnesota, they’re on a lake, they’re ready, they’re sixty-five, ready to make it happen. Um, what keeps them from signing the design services agreement in your experience?
Lucas: Um, getting them to understand what is included in that cost um and show—proving that value to them. Um, you know, the biggest kickback is that somebody could build a house for a lot less money—which is a true statement, you certainly can. Um, so proving to them the value that we’re bringing and what, you know, what they’re receiving to that um is key for somebody who might have some pushback in a sense that they’re, you know, they’re ready to go—maybe they’re looking at other other companies.
Daniel: Are there—are there companies that you hear come up in terms of competition?
Lucas: Um, from customers directly, not typically. Um, you know, they’ll—they might say that they’re shopping around or exploring options, but they won’t directly say who. Got it. Yeah. Um, I don’t think—I think it’s more of a bluff, to be honest, because that—I mean, what we offer is not comparable to other companies in our market. Um, you know, you can certainly get similar style homes, but the offering is less inclusive.
Daniel: Yeah, I mean, and like and there’s kind of two options, right? Like it’s: you can buy all the materials and do it yourself, or we’ll do it for you. Is anyone picking that first option?
Lucas: Oh yeah. Not a high percentage, but um, you know, is it one or two a year? Um, you know, there’s—there’s people out there. That’s a—that’s a thing, yeah.
Daniel: Okay, cool cool. Um, awesome. Anything else about the sales process that we should prioritize or focus on given, you know, what we’ve just kind of walked through?
Lucas: Um, yeah, I don’t think so other than—I mean, the—I’m sure you’re familiar with CRMs and the tools within them. Um, and that’s what we’re ultimately working towards with Juan. And that’s, you know, we had a preview of that today. Um, I’m excited to see that in its completion—it’s going to be great. I mean, what we currently have is a custom tool custom-tailored to us, it’s just um a little outdated and has been updated and changed and um so yeah, other than that, you know, the CRM’s a daily tool that we use for note-taking, setting reminders. Um, and then yeah, it’s just it’s picking up the phone, following up, sending emails, um you know, sending relevant information to these people. Or something I’ll like to do on somebody who’s kind of in the middle, you know, they—they might not have land and they’re in my, you know, four to six month touching, um new video releases. That’s a—that’s a real easy soft touch. Um, "Yeah, I know you don’t want to be bugged, but I’m going to bug you. Check out this cool video." Not pressing um for anything, just keep your name in front of them. Um, so I think just having some kind of organization um and scheduling and tasking tool is going to be a huge huge help for that.
Daniel: Do you all like as a team come together and say, "Hey, this week we’re going to highlight this piece of media, we’re going to, you know, blast this out"? Like, are you sharing templates, or is it kind of like, "Hey, each sales person has their little patch and they’re kind of running it how—how they want to run it"?
Lucas: Yeah. I mean, we don’t—we don’t have anything formal set up, I would say. Um, we’re small enough company that um word gets to all of us just in passing. But um, you know, like Jay is head of our marketing, so he’s pretty good on letting all of us know what’s coming and what’s going to be dropped, or, "Hey, I just boosted this in this place. Keep an eye out or let me know if you get any calls on it." So we know what kind of what the people are seeing and what’s being featured. Um, but yeah, there’s no template or meeting or anything like that to formally, you know, have that conversation.
Daniel: So—so you aren’t doing like a Monday morning pipeline review or anything like that with with management? Okay.
Lucas: No. No, no. We do sales meetings. Um, I don’t even know if there’s a a structured timeline for that. I think it’s just as maybe new new information comes about or um anything that needs to be discussed. Um, like we had—we just had a sales meeting today. Um, so if I were to go off of that timeline, I would say that’s a quarterly meeting, but it could be sooner, you know, intervals.
Daniel: Okay, cool. And is it Chris who runs all that?
Lucas: Yep.
Daniel: Okay, great.
Lucas: Yep.
Daniel: Awesome. Well, this has been really helpful. And to kind of give you a sense for where we are, we’re in the first batch of interviews talking to folks and starting to gather perspectives and P-O-Vs. We’ll drive that to something more concrete mid-to-late next week and do—do a readout of our findings next Friday. Um, we’re also going to run two trainings next week where we just talk about, "Hey, here’s where the current state of AI is, here’s the tools that you can use, here’s what’s personal, here’s what’s business," common—common ways that people are starting to use these tools. Um, have you played with AI and is there anything that like you would want to know or walk through in a session like that?
Lucas: Um, I have in a sense. Just for—I would call me illiterate in that sense, but between Copilot and we’ve got a Chat account um it’s a very helpful tool, but I consider me unknowledgeable of what’s available. Um, you know, I’m—I’m using it to give me inspiration or um clean something up or give me ideas. Um, so yeah, I couldn’t give you a good enough answer on what I would want—I don’t know what’s—what’s out there to learn.
Daniel: Yeah, totally. Like, a lot of people we talk to it’s like, "Hey, I know these things exist. I have a work—I have a day-to-day, I have a family," you know, I’m not—I’m not spending all my like life trying these things out. And so that’s where we try to say, "Hey, like, here’s like one thing you can do that’s helpful." And if it’s helpful, integrate it. If not, you know, there’s other stuff out there. And so a lot of—a lot of the kind of purpose of next week is to just be kind of hands-on and just show: "Here’s an example of like walking through an email," you know, "Here’s making a presentation." Um, things that like we think are just pretty incremental useful as we think about the—the broader package.
Lucas: Yeah. I think what I’m most interested in from a sales perspective is the transcription of conversations and extracting that information um to summarize it for me. And it’s not something that I’m—I’m scrambling to jot down notes as we’re talking and still keep up with the conversation. Um, and then having that, if it were automatically entered into your dad’s program that he’s building—perfect. And then if it generates tasks and to-dos and reminders and say, "Hey, you told them you were going to get this information"—that, you know, that makes my gray hair turn brown again.
Daniel: Hmm.
Lucas: You know, so I—I mean, just from hearing that, that that excites—that that excites me and um I would love to see how that could be integrated.
Daniel: Perfect. Is there anything else you’d be excited about, or that kind of takes the cake on that?
Lucas: I—I mean, I’m sure there could be. Um, I’m surprised every day by it, but I I think if we started with that, that’s huge. Um, I’d love to see how that could be integrated. I mean, I'm I'm excited to learn what else would be even better than next. I'm sure there's plenty out there
Yeah, yeah, a lot of it is, you know, let's walk then let's run
Build a good foundation get everybody on the same page and kind of go from there
So this has been a really great half-hour Lucas. Thank you for hopping on. I wish I had your office
And it's very homie
Excited to follow up in the next few days and next week
Yes, likewise, thanks for your time guys. Thank you. Look at that. Yeah, take care
You want to go get food? Yes