Marti: Huh. Yes. Good, well how’d your call go with Luke?
Ana: So good. He’s—he’s great. Yeah, um, and we—we kind of just did an intro, um, love that he’s also a musician, um, and yeah, just love his personality and then we just like kind of dove right into like work stuff and um, he—he gave me kind of like a—st—like a lot of what you and I had talked about from his angle, um, and said that he was, um, you know, going to get me some—some repo access and tomorrow he and I will just like start talking about kind of priority directions, um, along with you, yeah.
Marti: Yeah. Yeah. Cool. Excellent, excellent. Yes, I’m not sure if the next move we need to all come together, that was me kind of getting excited about FaceTime, but I don’t know what the next step is outside of the next step you just said is the right next step. So behind that, um, so I talked to Maya today. So you know we have the project with Tolan. And that is—we finally got access in, it looks like to the two main data streams. One is coming from Winsoft, which is their legacy, same as like that CoolSys company, their legacy field management, and then—did we talk about XOY? Did Luke talk a little about XOY, bring you up to speed on XOY?
Ana: Yeah, and that was—that was also like in the—in the docs Maya sent me, so I got smart on that as well.
Marti: Okay, cool, cool, cool. So it looks like we—gosh, all day long, everybody’s cutting their lawn, so I keep having to keep the door shut.
Ana: Hmm.
Marti: So muggy. Um—the—so it looks like we have those data pipes set up with a—they stood up um some Snowflake instance and somehow getting the data and—so that part is like coming live. Um, we have our 15 sensor hubs that I now need to schedule probably for next week to send a tech over, Luke might accompany them and go get those installed. So those are the main milestones for the project. I am very interested to look at this data and do some—almost like what we would do with BI, give some enterprise insights. I think we discussed that. Okay, so we’ve got Tolan.
Ana: I would be—and by the way, on that, I would love to like also get my hands on that and do like a bit of the data work if that’s possible.
Marti: Okay, good. No, I want you to. Totally. Okay, so that’s why I want—I wanted to just say—talk about how we sort um—engage with you. So—Maya probably talked about um Tolan and the 3 million SAFE, did she talk to you about Tolan and the 3 million SAFE?
Ana: Hmm, well yeah, I—I have a—a little bit of insight into that but not a ton.
Marti: Okay. So she talked to—they gave that to us like three months ago and then it was just sitting out there. Maya talked to the leader today and I’d always said, are they—are they giving this n—I think I discussed this with you, are you giving it to us now or are you waiting till the end of the project? They are wait—they are waiting till the end of the project. They are waiting till the end of the project until they have a case study, not because they don’t believe us and like us, but he said they’re now—they have so many AI projects going on plus um Bain wants to bring in some AI leader, which I’m—okay, that could be a good thing, and that—whenever enterprises always bring in new people, it’s always a thing you watch out for. But um bottom line is, we need to do a raise. And I feel like we’re in a great position for it, Maya went round one with a bunch, I think we overshot, not I think, I know we overshot. It was a lot of feedback, um, what Maya did really well during that is she had it all documented, all the meetings, all the meeting notes, she has it in Notion. So I just had Claude kind of remind me what the feedback was on all those meetings and—it said the number one killer was your raise was too big.
Ana: Mm. Mm.
Marti: Like yes, I knew it! I’m not calling—I’m not saying I was right and Maya’s wrong, I was just—I’m just talking about my own gut. Um, we kind of got into that hype cycle, I think, that hype cycle from last year. So anyway, bottom line, what I’m—we have this active project and I want to find how to pull you in in some sort of part-time capacity, and then I want us, you, me, Luke, and to that extent Raghavan and of course Mike Wilson with his, you know—well, I want us all to get on the same page. Like to me the raise is a forcing function. What are we doing, what is the team, what are we aiming for, how do we articulate that? This is—I’m bouncing this—I’m saying this but I’m really bouncing this off you. And you know, give—give you something that says, hey, we want you to join the team, and now our team like—here’s what we’re doing, we’re executing on this project, can we carve out some budget from that for you to get you like officially in the team, and then have some type of—like the dating phase. But meanwhile, I don’t want to wait a month from a dating phase and then while we’re out doing a 3 million raise, no, I want your head in that game. All of us, not just your head, Luke’s head, my head, my head, my head—this is not Maya go run out and do it, we all need to weigh in because this is us getting behind the plan. So I’ll stop there and see if I’m making sense or you have any questions.
Ana: Yeah, it’s making sense. Um, so what—um the last time like over dinner Maya’s kind of magic number was like a 3 million raise. Is that still the case that we’re looking at now or what does it look like now?
Marti: I think that’s an example of what I think we all need to get behind. So my gut—I—I will say to you that the raise is 3 to 5 million. I’m going to say that just more based on our state than I will—I’m um working off of the assumption that we’re truly at a seed stage. We’re a seed stage company, we’re not a Series A, we have a—we have our first customer of a sizeable deal, so that’s good behind us, we have a team—like you don’t normally—that 3 to 5 million warrants our neighborhood of a raise. Like some go lower, they go 1 to 2, but I say it’s like 3 to 5. Now should it be 3, should it be 2 to 3? That’s what I believe we all should have buy-in on the team. Because Maya—Maya and I were discussing this today and there’s open questions, well how long, you know, when do we need another person? Well do we need this kind of person? I’m like, I don’t know, because I don’t know the future. I can’t predict—I don’t know if any of us can predict. I believe that there’s five key people here with Mike Wilson playing a role, possibly Sangeet playing a role, who knows, maybe even Ash. That’s what I know. Now what can that team do to achieve a revenue milestone of profitability, I would be interested in us sketching that out before we look at anything past that. And that goes to well what are we building, what is—how do we think we’re pricing it, and you might still be new to the space, but I think your head in those conversations and at least um—at least you being a sounding board is critical.
Ana: Yeah, no, I’m ready for that. Totally. And um okay, so—is—so my—kind of my read on the situation is that because um Tolan uh wants to do the like 3 million SAFE like post-study, that’s what’s making it like an accelerant to us doing a raise now, right? That’s the situation? Or—
Marti: Um, well, actually—
Ana: Or was this all—this was always the plan?
Marti: We always plan to bring in some money.
Ana: Yeah, the seed—cool.
Marti: We did not plan to continue a bootstrap um method. Now who’s to say that—yes, that’s the answer to your question is we always plan to do a round. Now um—yeah, and—but I’m actually that to me is not the forcing function of this conversation, my forcing function is you bring a really good opportunity of filling a very important missing hole that we’ve had. And you know, Luke has kind of been um on the sidelines of the broader story, oh how much should we raise, how much—he hasn’t—we—I—we haven’t treated him like a founding team member. And so it’s been largely probably me and Maya. And so I believe that this is a good opportunity to sort of hit the reset button, let’s think like a founding team and that founding team we should really get behind what we’re trying to do. Because the danger zone would be, you know, Maya thinks it looks like one thing, I think it looks like another, you think it looks like—you’re not sure. You’re just kind of going along with this, you know, and Luke has a lot of reservations that he probably just hasn’t voiced. That’s where I believe that we are right now.
Ana: Well, I think it makes a ton of sense to—um to align, yeah. Um, but sorry, I feel like I inter—I feel like you were going somewhere else so I’ll let you continue.
Marti: No, no, no, I’m—you got what I was saying by your answer. Yes, I want us to align. I want us to align so we don’t have the occasion where we raise and that raise looks like something that’s different than what our team is doing. Like this should be one motion. One motion of what is the business, how are we growing it, what kind of team do we need, what do we think we’re doing, and um then we go, you know, knock it out of the park.
Ana: Um, super agree. Let’s get aligned on that. Um as for—as for my side, like um—I’m just waiting on n—more information to be able to like get started on—on anything kind of like give opinions, um, and so I think that like this week that will be unlocked with kind of getting to see the data, getting to see the repos, and then I’ll be able to more substantially like develop a technical opinion and weigh in. Um, and um yeah, as for kind of these like critical decisions, um it makes a ton of sense and I’m ready to jump into dis—into talking about it at any point. So I’m super on board.
Marti: Um, lovely. Excellent. And by the way, like how much should you raise, like this is always a multi-dimensional question. Um—one—so my center—my North Star remains the HVAC service office. Not necessarily the technician. And I think that’s a key piece of us to discuss and you’ll—I’ll tell you where that fits into this. So helping the technician get the work done is a Holy Grail, that is an unlock for revenue like all the things we talked about on Saturday night. No doubt. But honestly if I look at what I’m doing over at Heat Transfer, it’s not that. It’s not that. If I look at what we’re going to see in the data, I don’t think it’s that. That’s not the easy button, that’s not the quick, like immediate value and—there is a lot of immediate value that we can bring as data engineers with—with sort of data engineering and bringing AI and thinking about it from the business perspective from the office, from the sales, from the revenue, from all of those perspectives before we even touch the tech. So I bring that up because you now—does that look like a product company, what product comes out of it, like I think I mentioned to you, do we look like Databricks and Snowflake but you know designed for this? There’s definitely a service play there, no doubt. Truly Tolan is paying us a good chunk of money, it looks more like a service contract than it is a recurring contract. So um—there’s philosophies on startups that you have like a super strong product focus and you close your eyes and go that way. People now say, well AI is, you know, back to service as software, right? So there’s—there could be that we say, huh, you know what actually we only need a million, or we need 2 million, and um we should be leading with services and a product is going to come out of that. That—that is a viable um—that’s a viable option that we as a team could be exploring.
Ana: Yeah, absolutely. That’s kind of what I’ve been doing, you know, independently.
Marti: Yeah, exactly. And that’s what I’m doing at Heat Transfer, I’m just doing it all using Claude. Um, and one last thing, the reason I automatically go to 3 to 5 million—when I did one of the companies I have a really good VC in Santa Barbara, a—an attorney who does a lot of startups and happens to be—even though he lives in Santa Barbara. And he said to me, you may as well take this much because everybody wants X amount of your company, so you’re—it’s just a reverse engineered thing. Like you don’t go ask for 1 million because nobody wants 5%. Right, they want, you know, everybody wants X amount so you end up taking, you know, 3 to—3 to 5. So I—I don’t prob—I feel like if we were going to raise, if we’re going to raise we should raise 3 to 5 million. If we’re not, then why—why would we be even raising? We should—I’d rather go out and find—I’d rather go find more Tolan contracts that need us and wrap it as a service or something of that nature is another—another viable um option.
Ana: Yeah, and so what do you think of that path? Just like to explore all options, you know, to understand.
Marti: Yeah, um, I’m in a different mindset because I feel like I’ve been bootstrapping Deepglow for a while, so I’m a little over the um—I’m over the bootstrap um mode. Um, but, but the—I’m open to—I’m still open to it as long as we have a strong thesis that’s grounded in um that looks like an enterprise offering um that we’d have—well, as the words come out of my mouth, here’s the problem with enterprise offerings: you never close anything in six months. You never—their sales cycles are brutal. So we’d have to—we’d have to get lucky that we found like—pick like what if we all went to CoolSys? That we just have them in some buying motion and we kind of steal their budget from another thing and we could close them fast. That would be the concern. The concern is not can we win, but my concern would be the sales cycles are long and I don’t want us to go Tolan project to no revenue. I—or have a gap there and we’re at risk if that enterprise deal—to do that. That’d be my flank answer.
Ana: Okay, understood. Um, okay, well, I’m going to like digest that and think about it a little bit, but it’s—it’s making a ton of sense. Um, yeah, I hear you. I think my one kind of like strong question or is is just like up until this point um the product side has maybe been a little bit lacking, right? And so it’s like I wonder like, you know, if I come and bring a lot of firepower on the building side if that like just changes the equation a little bit, right? And so like I think like what I would be curious is like in raising, it’s like what what would we be using that money for, right? So like paying ourselves, it sounds like, um and then like are—like what are the plans for like who else to bring on and, you know, what is that money enabling is just what I would be curious about, you know.
Marti: Yeah, yeah, exactly. I want you to be curious about it, I want it to be transparent, I want it to be open, I want us to put the—the brainpower of this core team to do it and not it be a side thing. Like what I think the mistake we made before is um—we had three founders, me, Maya, and Mike. Mike kind of got into the GM role, and then we um—we didn’t get enough input, we had—it was essentially me and Maya, you know, with Mike giving input, but Mike’s input and Mike’s input and Mike’s input is, you know, he’s like, well, I’m not quite sure that makes sense to me, but you know, you guys know this space not me. You know—you know VC, he’s never done a startup before, so he’s like, you guys know that more than me, so he—it wasn’t he was deflecting um contribution, but he was saying it’s probably not my area to give you better advice on. So um—I—like plain and simple, um if you are going to be a key person, which I think this is your decision to make, you are—I am inviting you into something that you would be advocating for anyway, it’s part of your natural hey what are we doing what would we raise it for what are we trying to build all of that should be reflected in this um—the raise plan should be the business plan should be our mission should be—it’s all one. Like it all should be the same, we should not have a raise plan that looks different than how we talk—I mean, the words can be different, but it should be one thing that we all get behind.
Ana: That we’re all driving toward, yeah.
Marti: That we’re all driving toward. And it isn’t just the product, it’s the way we’re going to move through the market, it’s the way we—we think about like the scrappiness versus um go big or go home like large raise, all of that. I would want you and and Luke to weigh in. Because frankly, Luke has been weighing in, but he’s weighed in to me.
Ana: Mm.
Marti: And—and that’s probably like—we talk about it, and but he’s not part of the founding so he hasn’t really had a seat at the table. You need to have a seat at the table, I want you to have a seat at the table. I want Luke to have a seat at the table. And by the way, Maya is in the same um mindset here. This is not like my idea versus hers, this is hers too. She’s like, no, I really want us to be—act like a founding team. So I talk with her earlier and I’m like, we need to do this collaboratively. Last time um—we put blinders on focusing on Tolan and winning the deal and getting the progress we could on the engineering side. Maya kind of went forward on the fundraising largely by herself. I didn’t go to one meeting, and that’s okay, I didn’t need to go—I didn’t really honestly want to go. So we kind—and she was making decks, so I kind of put like fundraise over here and then here’s us on the business. So I—I think this time we need a redo this, we need to just have one core thesis and one core plan. Because you’re coming—you’re hopefully coming in, that’s what we’re looking to arrive at, and so you—you should be part of that and um and then get some of the wisdom there from Luke as well. Luke, I told Luke—Luke, you know, GitHub is not really my place. Could you go figure this out because they have so—such strange authorizations between owners and repos and all of those? So Luke is hooking you up on that. I said I don’t know which one I’m going to do, so you please do that, and I was the admin then I wasn’t the owner and it’s all bounced around. So he’s going to hook you up on that. Anything else—oh, I said—I—who even owns Slack? I think Luke owns Slack.
Ana: I’ll talk to Luke to get Slack then, yeah.
Marti: Yeah, great. Anything you want, get us—get us through Luke.
Ana: Okay. And then the data stuff too, do you think um Luke can give me the data from uh Winsoft and XOY?
Marti: I think what you just need is the Postgres access or the GCP access. So I have GCP access. And um—I actually had them set me up with Postgres access in Claude—they—they did it a little funny way that it was annoying to me because I had to go through my terminal and I didn’t want—I just wanted the easy button. Um, but of course that’s not an issue for you. Either way, yes, you can get it. I want you to have it. And it’s going to—that part’s going to be super fun. And that—and therein goes back to what I want to sort of re-emphasize on the thesis. So Luke just said this to me—I sent him these things about um—you know, we—we talk about getting your junior tech to um—work like your senior tech. And yeah, that’s actually a wonderful ambition. But when we say that, we completely ignore all the other power that we have and that we bring to the table for the um missed revenue opportunities, for the wasted hours and hours doing manual stuff. Like we’re—so that I believe is our probably our very first most important thing to think about and the tell on this of how excited the customer is on seeing things like all the revenue opportunities that they have spelled out in a way that they’ve never seen it before with their asset base. We have that opportunity to go see if that gets them more excited than you know our tech thing that we don’t have and we have to build.
Ana: That’s beautiful, yeah.
Speaker 1: I think we have to have a—before we give something to a tech, it's got to be really strong, um, and know that it gives a value, and that still is—uh, it's not as clear to me only because like I said: I know where to add value tomorrow to any HVAC service company, that I can do this without a tech app. And the tech app is harder to do. It's going to take more time. But I could go—put me in any HVAC service company, I'm going to go help them figure it out. I'm going to give them tools that they don't have today. This is more of a product—not a service.

Speaker 2: So that—yeah. That—that is where it's—like I'm really excited to—to dig into that, right? And so whether that's like with Luke or whether that's like with you, um, like I'm not sure if like I'm going to be able to look into like some of your thinking on those. But if we can have like those quick wins and develop in parallel, then let's do that. You know? I want—I want—I want—like if you have these like strong ideas on here's how we can deliver value tomorrow by fixing X and Y process, by setting up their Claud to like talk to whatever—like just these concrete ideas that you've been giving me. If—like if we can like really structure it, say like, "Here's the—here's the list of ideas, and here we're going to like sort them by priority order and just start knocking some of those off the list while in parallel we build towards the agent." Like that's totally something we can do and start doing ASAP.

Speaker 1: Yeah, that's excellent. Okay, so I could do that. And—

Speaker 2: Awesome. Perfect. So like a list of stuff to do. Perfect.

Speaker 1: Yeah, the—I will do that list because what I—I probably have just been sitting on the sideline knowing that as soon as I get the data I'm going to start doing those, but I won't do them for all. I was going to take—so the sensor data sites we have, um, there's nine sites that have like 100 assets. That—they—being Tolan—already named that customer base. So my eye has been on those. I was going to use those as my test candidate to show like, um, enrichment and/or asset profiling that—how it could be planned replacement reports to a customer. Like I was going to go to town myself on those nine and do—but now I can do it different. I can just write what I would do across the board and we don't have to limit it to that nine with me not having to wrangle the entire Postgres and XOY of everything. I was just going to go wait for the data on those nine. But I like your idea. I'll make the list.

Speaker 2: Um, awesome. And I mean both, you know? Because I mean, you can—if you want to like do the exercise on the data that we're getting back and that serves as the template for, you know, anything else in the future. Yeah. But yes, perfect. I think just like—yeah. Like what I would like is just that backlog in priority order of like, you know, "Here's—here's where we can start delivering value," and we'll start cracking at that. I think that's perfect. And then, you know, in parallel—in parallel I'm getting the access to like the repo to see like what has been done, um, in terms of the—the agent, right? And Luke is going to like share—uh, some of like what the agent should be able to do. And so I want to start scoping that out with him and get really, really granular on like what's the—what are the data and what are the actions that, you know, it should be able to take. So that—that takes care of like the AI agent. I can work on that with Luke. For the workflows, like you and I can start looking at that. Um, and then—and then I guess like there's—there's kind of like two things there, right? One of them is like the enrichment piece and one of them is the workflows piece, right? And so like for both of those buckets, it would be great to kind of understand like what—what would deliver value. Um, and then—and then I'll be like, you know, "Here's—here's how we implement that."

Speaker 1: Great. The enrichment I already did. I just never—the others that are more of—um, even less workflows but more of deliverables.

Speaker 2: Okay, cool.

Speaker 1: I will make that list. Now workflows, I've made documents of—for Heat Transfer on sort of the AI version of Heat Transfer of every single area, but it's from a more of a—applying Claud perspective and specifically like Claud cowork and skills and things of that nature. But a lot of it—a lot of it does apply. But let's—we'll—I think we'll focus on what I'm hoping that we could bring to Tolan and they'd be stoked to see and get.

Speaker 2: Exactly. Awesome.

Speaker 1: Okay. And then I think that it's important for you—so order—things are you're going to get your—yourself in, you're going to get an idea, you want to test around and play with some things. I think it would be in—only in fairness to you to say, "All right, I want to help you during what time period and what should the budget be for that?" And then we have—um, so that's the dating period. And then the—the long term would be, okay, um, closing—so, you know, where she—you would be in the—the—we should look at the—I look at the business like the Tolan budget. So there's the Tolan budget phase and then there's the post-raise—or whatever else we decide to do, but probably post-raise phase. Ninety-nine percent post-raise phase. And then your role—like that would be, "Okay, that's what we want. We say this comes in, we want your role to be this, your pay is this, your equity is—" should—we should start working towards alignment um, with that.

Speaker 2: Yeah, sounds good. So—um, that sounds good. I can give a perspective on that, um, and then—so that's kind of my role. And then we talked about just how to get started on like the—the product side. And then, uh, you know, we started the call by saying like, "You know, like talking strategy, um, on Deep Glow, right, at large and and what this raise looks like." So, um, yeah. Loop—loop me in on that. Um, and—and I think those are—those are—sounds like those are three directions, right? So it's like number one, like let's talk strategy and the raise. Number two, it's like my access to all the product stuff. And then number three is—is my role, which I can email you like a perspective of, maybe.

Speaker 1: Yeah, and you don't—you can—you can kind of wait. I mean it's—it's not an immediate. It's more important that we do the alignment now. Maya's going to go through—she said, "Give me the—the day of going through everything that she did and pulling out what is material to this." With especially she wants to look at it from what you raised. And Maya like created so much materials—like an overwhelming amount of materials for me to digest it all. And—and she did it in a—in a way where somebody wants to be prepared for every question. So it wasn't a bad thing. Um, I wanted to just—I said, "Can you just—let's strip it down to the core. Let's simplify and get stripped down to the core and put it into something that we can all review and say: Okay, at the core—" We'll let you have your accessory research study on this and that, like, you know, knock yourself out there. I'm not worried about that. Um, people want—you know, because sometimes she meets people they don't know the space and all that. Just let's strip it down to the core—the core slides that we would be using that's the—that rally. Then I'd want to share with—Ben, I think—that we would all study it. You need to get to see a little bit more, and then we can all meet on it and make sure that we get behind it. Which would include the budget. So she's redoing the budget now. And my suggestion to her was, look—you know, she's like, "Well, when do we need more people?" I said, "Well, I—I can't think that way. I can only think: Here's the team we have. How do we accomplish profitability with the team we have? Maybe we need one more or whatever." That would be the question to me. Like, I'm after profitability as fast as possible to control our destiny and not—not—but I do understand that behind that has to be a plan bigger because investors don't care about your profitability; they care about that. So I do understand—I understand why she needs it. It's just my head is like: I first want to understand milestone one: What do we need to sell? And what does that look like to get that, you know, profitability point? And how many—and what we're selling—so what's the average count? Like all that dissection that I would do on a—on a sales side. So we'll have a little bit of view of the numbers, a little view of the plan, and then we can all look at that and see, um, if we need any iteration on it.

Speaker 2: Perfect. Yeah, that sounds good.

Speaker 1: All right, excellent. Well, um—all right, so stay tuned. Let's see—Luke hooks you up tomorrow, and you'll have fun at that. And then I'll work on giving you the list. And then we'll have to decide where I'm sending you things, because then you'll enter our world of things on WhatsApp and some things in Slack. So, what you—do you have a preference on where?

Speaker 2: Yeah, I mean I—I'll just cons—I keep all my things on Google Drive. Um, so like you can feel free to just like email me anything. And I mean, I'll manage my own thing. And—do you guys have like a Google Drive or a shared—

Speaker 1: Yeah, yeah, yeah. I do. Same with me. I—I like Google. So I will create mine on Google Drive and I'll share it with you and I'll put the share on WhatsApp. Okay. Excellent. All right, well you have a good night.

Speaker 2: Awesome. Have a good night. Thank you, Marty. Bye.

Speaker 1: Uh-huh.